**LOG ENTRY: #ERR
DATE: 09/ERR/2952
MISSION CLOCK: ERR
N-ID: 615997 - Commander - Wraiths
CALLSIGN: CEPHEUS 
NAME: ERR 
SYSTEM: ERR
SHIP:ERR
LOCATION: ERR

PART 9 OF 12**


“Where do you think you’re going, Cepheus?”...... A voice I’d only heard in my nightmares for years. One I could never forget.

Borlathar.

I spin on my heels towards the sound and pull my pistol off my thigh, drawing it to eye level.
Inside the sight stands a tall figure, wearing Hurston Dynamics Artimex armor, a menacing red glowing visor. 
He is holding an S-71 rifle in his hands, a grenade launcher mag clamped to his back, and a Coda Pistol attached to his thigh.
Then I notice a red hot Demon Fang knife on his thigh.
The sight of it sends chills through me.

“You…” I say, my throat choking up. This is the reason that I’ve hid my face for years. This is the person that’s haunted my every nightmare.

This is my demon.

“I couldn’t let my lovely little delivery boy just leave without a proper send off, now could I?” He says. 
I grit my teeth. I don’t even bother saying anything as I sight my pistol on his stupid Artimex clad face, and squeeze the trigger.
The muzzle flash blinds me in the dark hangar for a moment, once my vision returns I see Borlathar still standing.
“You wanna try that again?” He says, raising his S-71.

“I want you to go away!” I yell, squeezing the trigger again.
Borlathar side steps that shot as he did the last. I recall the Artimex suit has projectile prediction software when a gun is aimed at you… Can dodge bullets if you can see their path a split second before they’re fired. 

It’s like my demon is wearing my face and coming to kill me. 

“I own you, Cepheus. You can live if you decide to come work for me for the rest of your life.” He says, pulling the charging handle of the S-71. 
“No chance.” I say, aiming and pulling the trigger again, now at his torso.

The bigger target had less time to move, so the round struck him in the chest. The angled chestpiece of the armor deflected the bullet however, leaving only a small dent.

Damn Hurston… Reinforcing an already tough suit… This wasn’t going to be an easy fight. 

“That's it. You choose death then!” Borlathar growls, aiming his S-71 at me. 

My helmet HUD lights up Borlathar’s figure in red, indicating him as a significant threat. No shit StoneSkin, saves the day again. 

I leap towards my Demon, rolling low underneath the barrel of the S-71 as Borlathar pops off several rounds over my head. 
I get to his feet and try to grab his ankle to pull him off balance, but he kicks me in the arm as I reach. Pain shoots up my forearm and to my shoulder as his armored shin meets my unarmored arm.
I roll to the side, using the momentum from his kick to my advantage. I land on my knees, and as I see him bringing the rifle to bear on me, I throw my S-38 pistol at him. A very risky move… but I prayed silently as it flew through the air. 

The S-38 struck Borlathar in the knee, causing him to buckle to one side, his rifle barrel falling off me, but the gun stayed firmly in his grasp. 
I used the moment of bewilderment and launched myself towards the massive Lieutenant, tackling him to the ground. The S-71 rifle falls away from his grasp as he grabs me by the throat, pressure sensors flashing red on my HUD. 

I begin punching at his soft armored sides, my vision turning gray as I struggle for breath. The beast of a man doesn’t even budge as I strike him again, and again. 

“Too easy…” He says, throwing me to the side. I land on my back as my vision returns to color, gasping for air. 

The man walks over to me and kicks me in the head. My head snaps back and ringing in my ears deafens me. When my vision comes clear again, my visor is shattered, the HUD offline. I feel warm blood around my mouth as it pours from my broken nose.

Borlathar is kneeling beside me, his red visor glow filling my vision. 
“You always have to take the hard way out, don’t you?” He says.

Fury fills my veins. I refuse to die here, to him. 
I reach up and grab the composite hood which shrouds the Artimex helmet. I yank it backwards, which I think surprised Borlathar just enough, I pull my legs up and kick at his chest as hard as I can. He topples onto his back. I stand up as he is also getting to his feet, we stand across from each other. 

His grenade launcher came unlatched from his back during our tumble, his Coda pistol still mag clamped to his thigh, and the Demon Fang still glowing red.

He reaches for the red knife and draws it. 
“Why don’t we dress you up like we did Chloe back there?!” Borlathar yells, as he begins to run towards me. 
My eyes lock onto his legs. I have to time this perfectly or I’m dead.
Just as his stride reaches me, I duck downwards, grab his arm as it and the knife it held rush towards my face, and I push downwards. The momentum shift from forward to down pull Borlathar off balance, and he crashes to the ground face first.
I guess he isn’t too used to light, unarmored targets and their maneuverability. 

The Demon fang slides across the hangar floor, too out of reach for me. As Borlathar pushes one arm to right himself, he uses the other to draw the Coda pistol off his thigh. 
He turns to his side, and raises the pistol towards me, pulling the trigger.
The flash blinds me.
I feel an impact against my right arm.
My ears ringing once more.

The momentum I didn’t realize I had carried me towards the Demon Fang on the floor. A feeling of warm wetness rushed down my right arm, and I think I realized I couldn’t feel my right hand anymore. 

Luckily for me, I’m left handed. 
I reach down for the knife, hearing Borlathar’s boots hit the ground one by one. **BANG**, another round of the Coda goes off. If it hit me I didn’t feel it as I flung the knife as hard as I could towards my demon. My nightmare.


My vision turns to a tunnel, I look at my arm to see it covered in red. The air in my broken helmet was hot and thin. 
I turn to Borlathar, and see him looking down at the Demon Fang knife lodged in his chestplate. The red hot blade sizzling burnt red blood out of the cracks. 

Without a word the massive man dropped to his knees, and then to his face, impaling the knife through his heart, the tip poking through the other side, smoking against the Artimex cape. 

My demon was dead. I felt a wave of relief wash over me. Or was that my blood pressure dropping?...
My vision narrowed and went black and white, and I collapsed onto the floor. 

**END PART 9 of 12**
<@&511151771352039435>