**LOG ENTRY: #ERR
DATE: 09/ERR/2952
MISSION CLOCK: ERR
N-ID: 615997 - Commander - Wraiths
CALLSIGN: CEPHEUS 
NAME: ERR 
SYSTEM: ERR
SHIP:ERR
LOCATION: ERR

PART 10 OF 12**


I woke up some time later, a sharp, aching pain emanating from my right shoulder.
I opened my eyes to see that familiar hue of the Mustang Delta’s sole functioning landing light illuminating the otherwise empty hangar.

I tried to push myself up with my arms but I found I couldn’t move my right arm.
I squinted my eyes and pushed through with my left arm, lifting myself up to my knees.
I looked around the room, Borlathar’s body laying a few meters away from me, the cape still smoking from the Demon Fang knife I’d thrown through his heart. If he even had a heart.

I stood up and gasped in pain as my right arm moved back and forth with the motion.
I looked down to see a mass of partially dried blood around a gaping hole midway up my bicep. Well, I guess that could have been worse.  The TCS-4 did the best it could, sealing the wound and stopping the bleeding. It felt like the compressive force from the suit kept whatever bones may have shattered reasonably stable. 

I raise my left arm up, disconnect and remove the broken StoneSkin helmet from my head, and toss it to the ground, the impact shattering the rest of the already cracked visor. 

I stumble my way over towards Borlathar’s body, and turn him over on his back. He is motionless, a small circle of red hot armor surrounds the protruding handle of the Demon Fang knife sticking out of his chestplate. 

I grab the handle of the heated knife and pull. It was considerably stuck in there, but with all the strength I could muster from my singular working arm, I managed to yank the knife from my Demon’s corpse.
I push the power button on the knife to turn it off, and drop it to the ground, burnt, crusted blood breaking off the blade and scattering as it hits the hangar floor.

I'm sure if I could have smelt anything through my broken nose it would have been awful. 
I look at Borlathar’s helmet. The red visor still glowing furiously with life. I guess my miraculous knife throw didn’t damage any critical systems in his suit. 

I disconnected the breathing hose from his helmet, and then the helmet from his head, lifting it off. All that time working with Borlathar in my past and I’d never seen his face. 

All that time his old Defiance helmet he wore haunted my dreams. 
Now it was time to see the face of my dead nightmare.

I pulled the helmet away from his head, revealing a pale skinned man, with five o’clock shadow on his face, red hair, and various scars around his face. He had a squared jaw, and quite frankly looked exactly how I’d imagined him over the years. 

A pang of regret tried to push its way past my hate for this man, but I wouldn’t let it. It wouldn’t ruin the satisfaction I felt for finally ending the monster that haunted every night I slept. 

I set the Artimex helmet down, and proceeded to remove the rest of his armor.
I knew his Mobiglas would be encrypted, but I took it off and tried it anyway. To no surprise, it was completely locked out, and wiped. As some Mobi’s can be programmed to do upon sensing their wearer’s death. 

I had a plan. I could take this armor and sell it. Get plenty of money for a Mobi and maybe even a ride home. Hurston Dynamics Executive Artimex armor was not cheap nor easy to come by. On top of the fee for the now completed mission, I’d be doing pretty good. 

It had just occurred to me that my Stoneskin helmet was thoroughly dust however. No air tight seal in that thing… I guess I could wear the Artimex…. Not that it’d ever be my first choice. 

I take the rest of Borlathar’s armor off, pack it into the back seat area of the Mustang, and hold the helmet in my hands. I guess this is my best bet…
I put on the helmet. The smell of sweat filling my nostrils. It nearly made me sick, to be so intimately close to my most hated adversary. 
The helmet display came alive off of the internal battery. Without a connection to the main suit, the visor should stay online for about a day still. The HUD came online, not unfamiliar to the Artimex I used to wear, but with a Hurston Dynamics theme applied over. Red and purple coloring with a big “HD” logo across the top of the HUD. 

The HUD connected to my still functional TCS-4 undersuit and began giving health readouts. It displayed a Tier 1 injury to my right arm, just below the shoulder. Completely broken. Not great there. 
It also displayed a number of minor injuries in other places, plus the broken nose. Otherwise I wasn’t doing too bad. The undersuit had stabilized my arm for the time being, and helped keep my blood pressure from dropping to lethal levels. Grim’s suit did save my life I guess. Maybe I owed my life to the Merc after all. Thrice now? Jesus I need to avoid getting into more debts. Lest I end up like Dennis.

With the main Artimex suit loaded behind the pilot seat of the Mustang, and the helmet on and functional, I climbed into the Mustang and closed the shattered canopy. The screens came alive, detecting my weight in the seat. I flipped the engine power switch and watched the engine instrument displays as the engines struggled to come to life.

The display needles rose, went into the green, and stabilized.

Right before I gave the ship the command to lift off the ground, a screeching, grinding noise came from the rear of the ship. The engine instruments quickly fell into the red, and the hangar became silent once again.

Fuck.

After maybe 30 minutes of trouble shooting I determined the ship was dead. It’d served its purpose and elected to go onto the Consolidated Outland in the great beyond. 

I guess it’s time to improvise. 

**END PART 10 OF 12**
<@&511151771352039435>