**LOG ENTRY: #ERR
DATE: 09/ERR/2952
MISSION CLOCK: ERR
N-ID: 615997 - Commander - Wraiths
CALLSIGN: CEPHEUS 
NAME: ERR 
SYSTEM: ERR
SHIP:ERR
LOCATION: ERR

PART 11 OF 12**


I climbed down from the dead Mustang Delta. I pulled Borlathar’s Artimex suit from behind the pilot’s seat, and laid it on the ground just past the ship’s entry ladder.

I was hoping it wouldn't have to come to this…

I put on all the armor, every latch and attachment point shooting pain through my shoulder as I lugged its dead weight around. 

As I finished attaching the rest of the armor to my TCS-4 Undersuit, the HUD came alive with all the readings for the rest of the suit. 
Thankfully my TCS-4 remained sealed, so the hole in the Artimex chestplate wouldn’t affect my vacuum survivability, although it was a bit conspicuous. The suit’s diagnostic read all major systems as online, although the hole through the chestplate did damage about 30% of the air reserves for the helmet. I connected the breathing hose from the chest to the helmet, and flipped through the HUD’s settings.

All pretty standard HD factory settings… I guess Borlathar had either just got this suit, or wasn’t very tech savvy. Both are very plausible. 
I changed some minor preferences to suit my tastes, and then went and mag clamped Borlathar’s S71, grenade launcher, and Coda Pistol to the suit. 

It’s like I’m wearing my Demon’s skin. Part of it arose a sick satisfaction inside me. 

I flipped through the HUD to find the map. To my expectation, there was a full map of Ruin Station stored inside the helmet… and IFF tags for all Nine Tails in this part of the station! This was exactly what I needed…

They appeared as friendly, which was good. That meant I would too. I’m sure it wouldn’t be long before the Nines realized that their Lieutenant was dead, so I figured I best be on my way.

I took the hangar elevator back to the lobby area I’d been in before, using the HUD’s map and the IFF to avoid all the Nine Tails I could identify.

If one or two saw me, they’d likely assume I’m Borlathar and not give a second look. As long as I didn’t hang around. 

I spent hours trudging through Ruin Station, carefully avoiding the Nines. 
I finally made my way back to the Neutrality zone, and Neutrality Bar. Where I’d begun.
As I left the NineTails zone of Ruin I found more and more eyes sticking to me. I’m sure Borlathar was a known entity in this zone of the station… although the lack of hostility means to me that he hadn’t had this suit long enough to warrant a “shoot on sight” response from the Cousins or Xenothreat. That was if any of them even had a problem with Borlathar to begin with. 

The Merc was nowhere to be found. Although I wasn’t here for him anyways.

I found Miss S sitting at a table, alone, in Neutrality bar.
I approached her, removing my helmet so she’d know it was me. 

“So you made it.” She said, putting down her drink.
“I did.” I replied to her.
“A little worse for wear, eh?” She replied, obviously looking at my limp arm and bloody nose. The arm wasn’t so obviously injured as the Artimex armor covered the sealed hole in the undersuit,  but it was still limp. 
“Perhaps but I’m alive. I expect payment.” I said, trying to remain cordial. I was really at my wit’s end on this damn station. 

“Alright…Alright. What was it…? Five Mobiglas’ worth?” She said, 
I nodded. 
“Alright. Hand this to the XenoTech shop just past the alley back there,” she said, gesturing behind her, “then contact this number and I’ll send you the rest.” She handed me a hard UEC credit chip worth 5,000 UEC, and a piece of paper with a series of numbers on it. Actual physical UEC chips are rare… But I suppose this works. 
“Thank you.” I say, getting up from the table. 
I turn and head down the alley as specified and find a reasonably clean storefront with a neon sign labeled “XenoTECH”. 

I enter and find a clerk standing at the desk, wearing XenoThreat memorabilia. Sometimes I forget they are currently in control of this station. But since I’m a human, IN Pyro, they shouldn’t have any reason to be hostile towards me. 

I take off my helmet and hold it under my left arm. 
“What can I get ya, Tails?” The clerk says. “Excuse me?” I reply, caught off guard by the name he calls me. 
“Eh, what can I get you?” he repeats. Electing to get the fuck out of Ruin station rather than cause ruckus with the gang that controls it, I point out a MobiGlas 2, and pull out my UEC chip.
“Alright. You got it.” The man says, turning around and grabbing a Mobi off the shelf. He hands it to me and takes the UEC chip. 
“Enjoy.” He says, as I put my helmet back on, grab the MobiGlas, and turn and leave.
After I leave the store I power on the Mobi and pull up its holographic display. I nearly cry from relief as it displays “NEW USER, LOG IN:” on the screen. Finally an UNLOCKED MobiGlas.

I punch in my NOVA account credentials, and the Mobi takes an eerily long time to find the account. I assume it’s the old rickety commlinks in the Pyro area. 

Finally it displays “ACCOUNT LOCKED, CONTACT ADMINISTRATOR”.
I curse under my breath.

It was standard practice to lock an account of an MIA/KIA NOVA Commander, to protect the security of their accounts. But right now it was the *last* thing I needed.

I backed up to the login menu, and elected to hit the “LOGIN AS GUEST” Button, which would give me basic wallet keeping abilities, and standard MobiGlas functionality. It wouldn't provide me passport services, access to my ships, or other specific features, but it should be enough to allow me to get the hell out of Pyro. 

I then pulled out the paper Miss S had given me out of one of the Artimex’s storage compartments, and typed the numbers on it into the Mobi. It added a contact, listed as “S”. I then sent a message, “Mobi Acquired. Request rest of payment. Thank you.”

Only moments went by before I received a notification titled “PAYMENT RECEIVED: 25,000 UEC” and a message containing, “Thanks for the delivery. See you around Cepheus. And remember, keep your allies close, and your enemies closer.” 
Just after I’d finished reading the message, it disappeared, along with the contact information stored in the Mobi. 

Terrific. Whatever. I have my money, I have a Mobi. I don’t care so much about the cryptic shit, I just want to *go home*. 

**END PART 11 of 12**
<@&511151771352039435>