**LOG ENTRY: #092052
DATE: 09/26/2952
MISSION CLOCK: 0D, 3H, 30M
N-ID: 615997 - Commander - Wraiths
CALLSIGN: CEPHEUS 
NAME: ERR 
SYSTEM: Pyro
SHIP: Cutlass Steel - Calypso
LOCATION: En Route to Pyro/Stanton Jump Gate

PART 12 OF 12**


It took me a couple hours, but enough time searching for an outbound ship headed to Stanton landed me on a Cutlass Steel, named the Calypso. It was I, and some other people from various backgrounds. It seemed to be reasonably above board. 
Borlathar’s Artimex laid on my body like the skin of my Demon, haunting me every second. Even dead he still torments me. 

My limp arm still hurt badly, but the suit and armor had stabilized it enough. The first KelTo RX clinic I find in Stanton, I’m getting that taken care of. But I’ve had enough of Pyro. I want *out*. 

After what felt like hours in quantum, I heard the familiar warble of the Jump Gate approaching, as the Cutlass Steel passed into the higher dimensional wormhole. 

As the ship rocked and turned inside the turbulent space of the Jump Gate, my thoughts drifted. To the sight of Borlathar’s lifeless face. To Cassiopeia. To NOVA, my squadron. I’ve been away from home for so long, my heart aches. I am tired. 

Finally the Cutlass emerges on the right side of Stanton. We land at the nearest rest stop, I tip the pilot 500 UEC, and disembark the Cutlass Steel. Setting foot on a good ol’ R&R Station had never felt so good. 
I made my way to the Kel-To RX clinic, booked a room, took off my armor and laid in the bed. Instead of the MedBed doing its automated thing, two doctors immediately rushed into the room… Which is strange. 

“Oh…Boy.” One of them said, grabbing the zipper to my TCS-4 Undersuit, to remove it. I help them, and through much pain we get my broken right arm out of the suit. 

I'll skip the bloody details here… But they couldn’t save the arm. It’d been too broken for too long. I optioned out a reasonably nice cybernetic arm, seeing as I didn’t have the funds in my new MobiGlas for a full organic regrow. A nice, sleek, silver,black and red mechanical cybernetic arm.
A couple days in the hospital while all those surgeries happened, and I wasn’t feeling too bad.
The doctors also fixed my broken nose, and then they even offered to reduce the appearance of the scar down my face.

I declined that. 
You know…. That scar was the reason I’d hid my face for years, from everyone except those closest to me. Pretty much my immediate family, which I hardly ever see, and Cassiopiea. But the Demon that left that mark on my face is dead now. 

Yeah it will always associate me with the NineTails… But I don’t care anymore. I paid my debt. I paid it with Borlathar’s blood. And any NineTails who want to extort me further, can meet the same fate as him. 

As I exited the Kel-To RX clinic, I tapped open one of the compartments on the thigh armor on the Artimex, revealing Borlathar’s Demon Fang. 
That knife, along with this suit, will remain with me. A memento of monsters slain. 

A warning to any hostile forces wanting to fuck with me. 

Pyro was my trial by fire.
And I’ve emerged stronger from it.

I walk out onto the observation deck of the R&R stop, gazing out at the lagrange gas cloud. I open my MobiGlas and punch in ArchangelCorps’ details. One of the few I’ve actually memorized. 

I sent him a message. 
“This is Cepheus. I’m alive. Got time for a pickup? Coordinates attached.”

**END PART 12 OF 12**
<@&511151771352039435>