LOG Entry: 0006.1
Date: 08/16/2952
N-ID: 6275555- Marine
Callsign: Fives-Fett
System: Stanton
Location: Deep space

After I delivered my cargo at the local facility of empire health services in Area 18 I went back to my ship. As I slowly walked back I thought about the trip I just made. It was a pretty easy one for once. Somehow the guys at the Brentworth Care Center at microtech didn’t had the time or ships to make the delivery themselves, so they put it out as a job to the locals with a high payout, so they really had to get that stuff delivered. So I grabbed my Cutlass Red and picked up as much of the medication I was able to get into the cargo bay and set off to Area 18. 
Another good thing was that I could also go to the NOVA HQ to ask if wing commander ArchangelCorps was available and if he would have time for our meeting. But I got disappointed because he wasn’t at Area 18, not even around Arccorp. I got the information that he and his squad were at Hurston at the moment and that I should see if I could catch him there if I wanna see him directly and not only via the comms, so I set off to Hurston.
The hangar doors over my Red are opening as I walk into the hangar and the sun shines on the bright red colour that indicates it as a search and rescue ship. I quickly move up the ramp and into my cockpit to get the hangar cleared, because the guys at Area 18 dont like it when their pads are blocked too long. There is always another ship that wants to land in the busy atmosphere of Area 18. As I slowly climb higher through the atmosphere I sip on my coffee that I bought at the spaceport and watch as the blue of the sky slowly turns into the dark of space. I plot my course for Hurston and it shows me that I have to fly half around the planet to jump. “Of course”, I said to myself, “I always have to fly to at least one OM marker to get away from that planet.” As I reached the OM marker my comms began to ring and the NOVA symbol appeared on my HUD while the computer said: “Incoming distress call, high priority, all available NOVA personnel should immediately report to help, distance to beacon approximately 1 million klicks.”
Of course I immediately answered the beacon and sent a confirmation that I received the beacon and began to plot my new course. Interestingly the beacon was at the same vector as my course to hurston.
As I dropped out of quantum I immediately activated all my shields and set my scanner to maximum power. I received one radar ping, it was a destroyed origin 400i. My sensors didn’t catch any other signals around the wreck so I slowly began to approach it.  As I came nearer I saw engines lighting up, although the 400i couldn’t possibly have had enough power left to run them. Then behind the ship I saw the silhouette of an MSR drifting away from the 400i and getting faster. As I once again checked my sensors, they only showed the 400i, although I had some of the best scanners onboard my Red. The second strange thing was that the MSR began to shimmer and flicker right before it jumped into QT. I waited a few minutes and scanned the surrounding area to make sure that there weren’t any other ships out there. After that I flew back to the damaged 400i.

The ship was in a very bad shape. The bell of the ship was completely cut off, the ball of the gravity generator was floating off into the depths of space and along the orange and black hull were a lot of holes from a lot of projectiles, big and small ones. The painting was barely recognizable at some points and the ships name was hardly readable. It said something like “NSS  oi t of N et rn”. As I orbited the ship I was able to see that the cargo bay was blown off completely and the engines were destroyed. The two turrets were in a very bad state too, one floating free in space, while the other one had one gun missing and was pointing in a strange direction. Throughout the entire hull there were small explosives that seem to have been attached after the ship got disabled and damaged. About half of them were armed, so I had to be very careful. It seemed as if someone wanted to destroy any evidence of whatever happened here and had to leave in a hurry.
Maybe that had something to do with that strange MSR, but I had other stuff to do than theorizing about that. I set my ship alongside the wreck and set the autopilot so that my ship would fly parallel to the 400i so I could put on my EVA suit and have a look around the ship. 

As I exited my Red I first took a closer look at the explosives and made sure they weren't a danger to me. They seemed to be able to be ignited from a distance, but the explosives weren’t connected to a detonator, so I should be safe. I entered the 400i through the destroyed cargo bay and searched the lower deck for any sign of remains. There were signs of a fire happening near the elevator to the upper deck and cracks on the hull. The upper deck wasn’t in a much better shape, there weren’t as many hull cracks as on the lower deck, but still a lot of damage through the hits the ship received. Inside the cockpit most of the displays were offline, but I could access the ship's computer. At least what remained of it. Almost all the data was wiped. Only the name of the ship was accessible, “NSS Point Of No Return ''. The ship saidly has exceeded its own point of no return, but at least I now knew for sure what the name of the ship was and could later check in the NOVA register who the owner of the ship is. It became clear that I couldn’t do much more here and made my way back to my Red. 
When I was back on board my Red I filled out a report to NOVA HQ and requested a salvage team, so that the wreck could be cleared and further investigated by our specialists. Hopefully they find something when they take a closer look at the ship.

>End of LOG

<@&511151771352039435>