LOG Entry: 0006.2
N-ID: 6275555- Marine
Callsign: Fives-Fett
System: Stanton
Location: NSS Emilia

I waited quite some time for the salvage team to arrive. A bit before they arrived I received a message from wing commander ArchangelCorps:  “Fives Fett, please report as soon as possible aboard the NSS Emilia, it seems that you have got some important information for me.”
I’m not superstitious, but that was a very interesting coincidence. Shortly after I investigated a ship wreck of a NOVA member and came across that strange MSR I was contacted by an officer of NOVA I knew was investigating some weird and secretive stuff and now I get called to his ship. I really hope I can help him and he can bring some light into this mysterious case. At least I’m finally having my meeting with him.

As I walked into the captains quarters of the NSS Emilia I greeted ArchangelCorps: “Good day Sir, nice to finally meet you.” “Yes, nice to meet you too, but enough of the formalities. I received information that you were the first person to respond to the distress call of commander Cepheus.” “The pilot of the 400i?” I responded to his question. “Yes, I responded to the beacon, but it seemed that I wasn’t the first one to reach the ship. When I arrived at the site there already was another ship there, an MSR. But I wasn’t able to get a radar lock or even a scan on the ship, even though my Red has some of the best sensors for its ship size. Additionally right before the ship jumped away there were some weird flickering and shimmering, I never saw something like that. There also were no signs of any person left on board.”
.” ArchangelCorps sat back in his chair and thought about what I just told him. After a short while he said: “You wanted to get involved with the TFA anyway, didn’t you? It seems as if you just stumbled upon our enemies or at least what they left behind. Commander Cepheus was transporting special goods from an earlier mission to our HQ when we lost contact with him and now you tell me his ship is destroyed and no sign of him or any cargo. That can’t be a coincidence. Tell me, why do you wanna join the TFA?”
“I wanna help wherever I can and I heard about the story with the orphanage and what they did there. I think such people need to be stopped and that there needs to be justice for the things they have done.” 
“I just wanna warn you now Fett, those people we are going up against aren’t just some gangsters or small criminals, they are highly organized and have state of the art equipment. I really hope you are sure what danger that can bring, but I would gladly accept you into the TFA if you wanna join us. We can always use some more hands. I will give you some data later about what we know so far about our enemies and I expect you to be ready when we call in the future.”
“Yes Sir, I think I know what risks I’m taking and I am thankful that I can take part in your operations. What do we do about commander Cepheus, as I said I didn’t find a body or other signs of him, so most likely that MSR has taken him. I called in a NOVA salvage team so maybe they can get some information from the ship.”