LOG Entry: 0008
Star Date: 15.9.2952
N-ID: 6275555 - Ranger
Callsign: Fives-Fett
System: Terra
Location: Prime


As I came out of the jump point I saw the warm light of the star that sits in the center of my home system. It is the same type as the stanton star, but still, after years of living here I recognize the small differences in the stellar constellations and the small differences in the light spectrum, or at least I think I do. All the jump points in the system are quite far away from the inner planets and there was a lot going on. My scanners picked up a lot of other crafts flying from and to the wormhole that leads to stanton. It was quite the ride through the warp tunnel, my first with the Slave 5. She has done very well, but I still have to get used to the bigger size of her. I checked my fuel tanks and saw that I didn’t have enough fuel to jump directly to my home planet, so I had to make a stop at the INS Reilly space station above Gen to refuel my ship. 
As I docked to the station some memories reemerged I thought I had forgotten. This was the station, where many years ago my military career started. After the recruiting process I was sent here with a lot of other recruits to join the navy and get transported out of the system to the nearest training facility where my time as a UEE Marine began. The station still got a lot of military activity but it is recognisable less because most of the navy is at the vanduul front lines.
After my ship was refueled I finally was able to make the jump to my home planet, the third planet of the system, Terra. 

The sun was rising over Prime as I was approaching the spaceport of the city. It's beautiful to see the sun glowing on the Skyscrapers in the sun and reflecting the warm golden light. I asked the ATC of the spaceport for landing permission and they assigned me to Hangar 09, where I landed short after. As I moved through the spaceport to the train station I made a quick stop at „Barney’s Shop for everything Spaceship“ to set up a short control and repair session for the Slave 5, so she would be ready again when I leave terra in a few days.
 
As I stepped out of the train into the downtown of Prime more memories came to life. I was there so many times and it still felt very familiar as I made my way to the apartment of my family. As I entered the elevator that would take me to the 21st floor and I got excited because I would once again be with my family. They gave me a warm welcome as I stepped into the apartment. We sat down together and talked about what we were doing and how we’ve been since the last time we met. My twin brother was now well integrated in his job in one of the banks here on Terra and my younger brother graduated from the academy and was now working for one of the spaceship manufacturers on Terra.
My father still got his job in one of the megacorps on Terra, but he was promoted lately, so we had something to celebrate. 
After I updated them about my bounty hunting business and as much as I could tell them about NOVA, without mentioning anything confidential, I finally came to one of the reasons why I was here. I told them about the lost ship of my mother that I found. They of course wanted to know everything about it and I told them everything I knew. As I came to the part of the message I was able to retrieve we all went silent as I played it before them. We talked long into the night about what all of that could mean and if there even is the possibility that she still is alive. Near the end of our discussion my younger brother asked me if it would be possible that he could have a look at the computer of the avenger and in wise foresight and because I hoped he would ask that I took the data core of the avenger with me.

The next morning my younger brother and I went back to the Spaceport to further analyze and examine the data core on the Slave 5.
As we walked into the Hangar he was amazed by my new ship as it seemed that he hadn't seen a drake corsair before and first had to have a look around and inside before we could get to work on the data core. 
He was a very skilled engineer, but we still needed a lot of time to decrypt and repair the data as far as possible. After hours of work he was able to get hold of at least some data that wasn’t completely erased. There were a few personal logs, some bounty contracts and data about potential targets and a few very heavily encrypted or damaged files. I tried to decrypt those files for quite some time, while my brother was working on the more technical side with the data core, but I didn’t have much success. I could only translate a few things in one of the files. 
What I could restore were the coordinates of a location in stanton on the moon Lyria. After looking up where those coordinates would lead on a map I recognised that they were pointing to a place very close to the Orphanage. That was weird, something that close would have been discovered long ago by the operators of the Orphanage, although it could be that this location had a connection to their operation. I tried to decrypt even more info in this and the other files, but to no avail. It seems that either time or someone has made those files so encrypted or damaged that I wasn’t able to do anything else with them. 
For the moment we continued to try and decrypt more of the other data, but it seems that someone really wanted to make sure that as little as possible of the more delicate data could be retrieved from the data core and the time it was laying around on that junkyard didn’t help  either.
So we gave up and tried to at least save what we could. At the end we had some personal logs of our mother, different bounty hunting contracts, the document that mentioned the location on lyria and some files we couldn't decrypt. It wasn’t much, but all we were able to do at the time. I thanked my brother for his help and we went back into the city.

I wrote a report to NOVA Headquarters and the Head of the TFA, that I maybe found some additional information regarding the Orphanage and attached the file with the coordinates and the codename to it. Plus I informed them that NOVA Intel could have a look at the data core themselves as soon as I’m back in stanton. 
After that I went off to have some days of R&R together with my family and explore what all changed in the city and the planet during the time I was gone.

— End LOG —
<@&511151771352039435>