LOG Entry: 0007
Stardate: 3.9.2952
N-ID: 6275555- Marine
Callsign: Fives-Fett
System: Stanton
Location: Microtech / New Babagge/ Fives private Hangar

There she was, the wings folded towards the closed hangar roof, the red accents on the hull almost glowing in the dim light of the hangar. As soon as I heard that drake would be the sponsor of this year’s Intergalactic Aerospace Expo I hoped they would bring some of their pre-ordered ships with them to Stanton. And mine was one of them, they even flew it to my hangar after I received the message that it would arrive and I gave them my address and the access codes for my private hangar. As I slowly walked around the beauty I noticed all the small things on the Hull. The hull plating, the reddish glazed windows, the black paint, the six massive thrusters at the back of the ship and of course the four massive size 4 cannons at the front of the ship. As I walked to the front elevator and first stepped my foot onboard my new ship I noticed that there are three levers for the elevator control. They haven’t mentioned in the brochure that you can get on top of the hull with the elevator, that will surely come in handy, when I have to repair or control the hull or just wanna sit on top of the ship and watch
a beautiful sun set. 
As I step into the mess hall I once again recognise the industrial and barebones look that is so typical for drake. Adjacent to the mess hall there are even some crew quarters for additional three persons if I ever wanna hire a crew. The rooms are nothing in comparison to an origin ship or to be honest anything else, but they are still comfy and its nice that every person on board gets its own room. As I walked further into the back of the ship I reached the engine room of the ship. It looks very interesting with all the different cables, cooling equipment and components. I surely have to upgrade some of the components, especially the shield and the power plants. The solar flares of pyro are nothing to laugh about and shouldn’t be underestimated. I will have to read the manual very carefully first, before I take her out so I hopefully can repair some of the most critical stuff that could break down. The side door of the engine room leads to the Airlock / equipment room. Although I would title it as an armory. That is a much more suited name for the room, as it has a lot of space for weapons and space suits or armor. The nearby docking collar could also come in handy, if I ever have to get on another ship in space, without the need of putting on a spacesuit. But it also is a potential entry point for enemies, so I have to be careful, not that I get shot in the back with my own weapons. 
The cargo deck takes about a third of the length of the ship and is therefore pretty big. At least it is enough for everything I could think of needing it for. It has enough space to get a lot of supplies and other equipment in and still has space for a small ground vehicle like a hover bike. And the ramp at the back makes it very easy to unload and load anything that has to be loaded, plus the additional flood lights are very helpful for loading when you are at a place
with less or no light. 
Going back towards the cockpit I come to the neck of the ship with the access to the turrets. Would be very nice to have some people crewing them, but that will be something to be thought about in the future. Maybe I can get my hands on some blades for my computer and automate them, but I don’t know if there are any blades currently available for the corsair, will have to look into that. 
As I step onto the bridge I feel very comfy. I like the functionality of it, all the switches and MFD‘s on the pilot station. There is even one MFD laying on the ground next to the station. I have no idea if that is supposed to be there, because it seems to be put there very loosely, but you can perfectly see it when you sit in the pilot seat. I have to ask about that. And lastly my own quarters right behind the seats of the pilot and copilot station. It is as big as the other quarters, nothing thrilling or special, but all you need. It will serve me well when I go out to pyro on my expedition and hopefully get me out of some tricky situations.
Tomorrow I have to get it out and testfly it and after that I have to change its registration to the name I picked for it. Because no ship should go out without a name and I chose for this one a pretty special one. It is inspired by a legend told by my family of one of our ancestors who was a bounty hunter as I was. 
And so I named my drake corsair „Slave 5“
<@&511151771352039435>