LOG Entry: 0011
Star Date: 5.10.2952
N-ID: 6275555 - Ranger
Callsign: Fives-Fett
System: Stanton
Location: New Babbage


I was walking through New Babbage when I thought about the past few days. My last mission on Lyria has shown me that it would be practical to have someone I can trust to go on missions with. So I set out for the search of getting myself a companion or to put it otherwise a crewmember. There are multiple ways to reach that goal, but I settled for the somewhat boring, but also promising way of setting up a job offer on one of the spectrum sites. The setup was pretty easy, but I never thought it would get so hard to find myself a suitable person. It’s not as dangerous as hunting criminals or other combat missions, but it can be as exhausting to go through those messages and applications I got. Some of them were more professional, others not so much. And as it seems there are people in and around stanton who would like to be a crewmember on a somewhat big ship, but it’s not as if there are endless to choose from. So I had to settle down on some of the applications. Maybe it is because of the vacancy offer I put out, where I haven’t really specified what I’m looking for, because some of the offers I received where from people that didn’t have the skills I looked for or had other „likings“ that wouldn’t comply with me, like applying to the law or how to treat a ship. All in all most of the applications I received had to be turned down. 
*As a note to myself, If I have to do that again, I really have to be more specific in what I am looking for.*
From the few good ones that were left I first picked the ones that were in close proximity to me, so the ones that already worked or lived on microtech. The interviews overall went not really good. Most of the people didn’t want to work with a bounty hunter or at least not with the payment I was willing to give or had some other reason why they didn’t want to join me or why I had to turn them down. 
That day however I was on the way to an interview of one of the last persons on my list that lived around microtech. A woman around my own age who lived her whole life in stanton and seemed to have somewhat of an adventurous nature. In her resume she listed jobs on all kinds of ships over the whole system and seemed to be looking for something a bit more interesting than your normal cargo freighter. But a quick background check from me showed that she never had any bigger problems with the law. I made an appointment with her in the local Ellroy’s and it seemed to become an interesting meeting. 

I was right on time, but she seemed to have gotten there a bit earlier than me because she already sat on one of the tables inside the restaurant. As I walked through the tables to where she sat I studied her for a moment. Her brown hair was cut short and she studied the menu of the drinks. I walked up to the table and greeted her. 
„You must be Elisabeth Wren. Nice to meet you, I’m Fives.“ She stood up from her place and greeted me too. „Its Lis, if you want, nice to meet you too.“
We sat down back at the table and ordered something to drink before we talked business. 
„As I saw in your resume you traveled a lot around Stanton in your last years. If I may ask, why was that so?“
„I wanted to go out, away from my home at Arccorp and see what’s out there. I earned my money in flying ships around the system or acting as their mechanic, until I came here to microtech. I never stayed at a job for a long time, but I would like to settle now a bit with a somewhat solid employment. And of course a somewhat good payment.“ She said with a smirk on her face.
„We can talk about the payment a bit     later, first I wanna tell you about my business. I’m on one hand a one-man business as a bounty hunter and contractor for other fields of work. On the other hand I'm a member of an organization called NOVA intergalactic, which is a paramilitary org with sort of a militia system. You would be my personal engineer and mechanic for the beginning and after I saw how you fly you might get the opportunity to fly my ship sometimes. Just be aware that if you come out into the field with me it will most likely be dangerous. So what do you think?“
„It surely sounds intriguing and I could see myself working with you. I just don’t wanna have to sit around in a Hangar all day long and only work on some engines I made that long enough. I wanna go out with you on your missions and apply my skills on site and not just when you get back to the hangar. But I must warn you, I’m not good when it comes to guns. But I hope I can show you my flying skills, I’m sure you will find them to be respectable. Also about that NOVA org, do I have to be part of that to work together with you?“ 
That she asked me about NOVA directly wasn’t too surprising as I knew that kind of question would arise if I talk about it. 
„It would make things a lot easier if you could join NOVA too, as it is one of my main income sources and working together with a non Member can lead to certain difficulties. I would suggest that you think about that too. Additionally to put one’s cards on the table I’m planning on doing a dangerous expedition into the pyro system. I could really use some help with that and would like some company. Of course you can think about it and for the payment, I give you a 25% share of the profit, with possibilities of a raise when I see how you work.“
We sat there for some time, while she was thinking about what I just said.
„I wanna have some time to think about all that. I will send you a message about my decision in a day or two, but I’m very interested. Especially if you would raise that share to 30%. And about the things you said that could get dangerous, as I said I wanna see something new and exciting, so that shouldn’t be too big of a problem for me. I will write to you in the next days how I decide. It was nice to meet you, Fives.“
We said goodbye to each other and she left Ellroy‘s.

I sat there for a few minutes and thought about if I might see her ever again or if that was it. She wasn’t too happy about the part of joining an organization but it would make things a lot easier if she also could participate in those missions. She seems to be a nice and polite person and, according to her resume, to be a good mechanic. I really hope I will hear from her in the next days as it seems she would fit in quite nicely into what I need and it seems that she also is a nice person. It’s now on her to decide whether she wants to work with me or not.


END OF LOG