Log of the last survivor
User: [[Reese, Cedwin]]
Day of rebirth: 7 (Postscript: 08/15/2925)
Position: Unchanged in the deep nothing
Transport: [[Freelancer MAX]]

*Warning! Power critical!*

I’m going to die. I’m going to bite the dust. But I’ll fight back as long as I can. I somehow managed to get the emergency systems up and running, so I don’t need to worry about blowing the air. At least not for the next two days. I’ve also taken care of my food situation. Fortunately, some idiot smuggled a box of astronaut food into the engine room. It doesn’t taste very good, which might be due to the fact that it has already expired a bit, but it’s better than starving or becoming a cannibal.

On Day two after my death, I still believe that I am dead, even though I have survived with severe burns, I already thought it was over with me. No, really. The day before, I was able to get access to a few still intact cameras to get a picture of the outside world. Doesn’t look good. As if by some miracle, the engine room I’m sitting in has remained intact, so I can breathe here. Unfortunately, the rest of the freelancer is only a heap of rubble. I was just looking around out there when I spotted an approaching ship. At first I was happy, Hurrah. Someone finally found me. I can get out of here, but then the happiness made room for caution. It looked too ramponed for a civilian ship and that it came here so purposefully was also very suspicious. I decided to put the whole ship (Funny, I know) into hibernation. Whoever that was is most likely not friendly and therefore I did not want to be discovered. That was an excellent decision. The ship came to a halt next to the remains and from close quarters a lot of weapons were certainly not standard and poorly made retrofitted. Shit, I thought. They were pirates or looters. If they discover me, I’ll be double dead. Fortunately, they seemed in a bit of a hurry, because instead of searching for witnesses, they jumped out and grabbed all the freight boxes they saw and were gone.

After I was sure they were really gone, I put my island back into service and started fishing for one of those boxes myself. Since my visitors were probably under time pressure, it didn’t take long to find a box. Hidden, of course, but not a prize winning place. I sacrificed some of my air so I could get out and went outside in my suit. Shortly after that, I reached the box that I found through my cameras and freed it. After I opened it, I really wondered if they still had all the cups in the closet. The pirates and whoever gave the order to order an entire ship with them. Scrap metal. That’s stupid, simple scrap metal! Disappointed, I climbed my island, leaving the treasure I believed to be, because I couldn’t do anything with it. The next few days were quiet again. I have continued to work on not dying with quite good success, I would say. And then day six came, so yesterday. No. This day was just no. All I’m saying is this: a day when it’s clear when you wake up that it’s useless. I have lost much of my air reserves as one of a body’s outer skin that wasn’t meant to be one decided to just pop open. Fortunately, I was just working on a pipeline with dangerous contents and was therefore in my suit. Afterwards I had some small problems like a failure of the emergency power, or the temperature control. 

God, I don’t wish anyone would find the wreckage and listen to the audio log that ran to that point. The next few days were quiet again. I have continued to work on not dying with quite good success, I would say. And then day six came, so yesterday. No. This day was just no. All I’m saying is this: a day when it’s clear when you wake up that it’s useless. I have lost much of my air reserves as one of a body’s outer skin that wasn’t meant to be one decided to just pop open. Fortunately, I was just working on a pipeline with dangerous contents and was therefore in my suit. Afterwards I had some small problems like a failure of the emergency power, or the temperature control. God, I don’t wish anyone would find the wreckage and listen to the audio log that ran to that point. Anyways. Fortunately, today made up for that. I stared back at the screen showing the outside world when I saw a ship approaching again. Of course I shut everything down again immediately and looked for a place where I could play Death convincingly. Wait, I’m already. . . It doesn’t matter. In any case, this ship also stopped by the wreckage. A 400i was that, is that. . . it’s still there. God, there’s something wrong with me. Anyway, she stopped. An something got out and started looking for something. After a while, a sound came that I didn’t like at all. The outer door of my island has opened. I put myself back in the moment when the wall of flame shot at me and died. 

“Hello?! Is anyone alive back here? I come in peace, on behalf of [[NOVA Intergalactic]].” Hesitant, I remain dead. “I’m not going to hurt anyone, I followed your Distress Signal.” the male voice says.
I slowly peek up, moving my hand first, conveying that I’m unarmed.
“Ah, It’s safe now, you can come out.” The figure says to me, completely hidden behind a full Combat Armor. Not a friendly appearance but he seems to be so... I mean now he knows I'm alive anyways.  I slowly got up and started walking towards the man.
“My name is [[Cepheus]], I work for [[NOVA Intergalactic]] and I am here to answer your distress call. You seem to be the only person alive aboard this vessel.” He says, holstering his rifle on his back. “Uhh, yeah… [[Reese]], [[Cedwin]]. [[Machinist 5th Grade]], Sir” I say, a bit choked up as I was still a bit intimidated by his Armor. “How many people were stationed on this ship?” Cepheus asks me, trying to rest a hand gently onto my shoulder which I refused. “Seven… The captain, a first officer, two turret gunners, myself, one other engineer…and a store Clerk ” I explain. “Then unfortunately that confirms you are the only living crew aboard this ship. I’m sorry.” the man says.

“What are you hauling? I need to ensure there’s no hazardous material left behind once we evacuate.” [[Cepheus]] says. “The manifest was pretty closely guarded, only the captain would have had access to exactly what’s in these crates. All they told me was that it's very classified. But as I waited here I took a peek and just found scrap metal.” I responded.

[[Cepheus]] groaned a bit and turned to walk through the now Airlock. [[Cepheus]] stopped in front of it and looked at me asking: “Is your suit vacuum safe? That’s a nasty crack in your helmet.” Well it was not good but since it held firm so far I wasn't concerned. “Yeah, I’m good. Maybe let’s not go for a two hour stroll in hard vacuum though, alright? The Air reserves are getting low.”  We left my Island and I showed him on his request the Cargo Box I found. [[Cepheus]] undid the latches on the cargo container in the and hefted off the lid. “At first glance, indeed scrap metal… Unlabelled, no shipping labelling, brown, stealthy looking type stuff. Interesting.” Whilst examining the contents he said
“You stay here, I’m going to go to the cockpit and grab that manifest from the Captain.” he said to me. He then left before I had a chance to rebut. I mean what Cockpit? I surveyed the wreckage for 6 Days. With today even seven now and besides my Island was nothing left u could call a Room. 

A couple minutes later he returned and said “Yeah it’s all listed as confidential. I think I’m gonna take a good chunk of this on my ship and let [[Nova Intergalactic|NOVA]] check it out. Ill take you with too, anywhere you want to go.” 
“Yeah… That's fine…” I said.

He gave me a tractor beam and we searched for more Boxes. He EVA’d to his orange 400i and opened the Cargo Door. We searched everywhere and put all Boxes we could find in whilst I kept an eye on the Timer for my remaining Air. After finishing, the cargo compartment closed and the ship spun around and the front ramp opened. I EVA’d over to the ramp and boarded the ship, greeted by Cepheus in the first room inside the ship. 
“Welcome to the NSS Point Of No Return… Where do you want to go?” He said.
*Power Critical! Shutting down"*