CCRC. Observation stage 3(psychiatric observation, IQ test, physiotherapie, neural adaptation) 
Personal log entry:1 
STARDATE: 23-10-2952
N-ID: [[Ray]] 
LOCATION: [[New Babage]], [[Commons]], [[City Council Rehab Centre]] 

Where to start if there is no beginning? [[Doctor Ashelton]] says I need to write down my thoughts, my memories, my worries, but every time I sat down, my imagination falls into chaos. I’ll try. 

If you ask me to describe myself and my previous life with one sentence, it would be: survive at all costs. Survival, this is all I’m… I was born in a cave on surface of the planet they called [[MicroTech]] in 2914 (more less accurate counting of my physical age is 35-38). It was one those super cyclones, when dead cold air from planet stratosphere fall down to the planet surface turning everything into ice. I know it now, they explain it to me, but those days we believe that this is God of Death breath. My mother did not survive the night I was born, as some others whose names I don’t even know. We where a tribe that call themselves [[K’yati]], one of those nomads who had no place, no fortress and who’s survival fully depends on ability to move, find food, wait for  another storm and move again. So it’s not much I can tell about my childhood as it was one endless marathon with hunger, death and cold. 

When I was teenager I saw the Shiny Fortress for the first time. Now I know that it was a New Babbage, but that day it was a Fortress of the Sky People for me. Well, to say that I was shocked it is to say nothing. It was beyond everything I could dare to imagine, it was devastating. It was enormous monster of light, noise and horrible smell, it was overwhelming but beautiful at the same time, it was another world where only monsters can live, or the angels…and when I ask Thuli, he was our pathfinder, why we can’t go there, he’s answer was short. Sky people are death itself.  It was enough for me to understand that and remember, if you see sky people or their machines: run and hide! And we run, and we hide and  we were good at that. We knew our land, cruel, unforgiving, but teaching. We’ve manage to survive and stay unnoticed for a few generations of [[K’yati]]. Until we’ve met them, but this is another story and doctor says I need to write about here and now but not  the past. 

I’m here for 6 month already, everyday  exams, tests, trainings and questions, questions, questions. Once a week this old woman comes, she is some sort of scientist, xenobiology's if I’m correct, she asking me about the Trail, about plants, animals, weather, how we predict storms and their direction movement,  where we get food, what medicine did  we use. She don’t realise that she induct my memories back to the day’s when I was living my life with my tribe and everything was normal and I dissolve in this memories,  until I realise where I’m and what happen there… I can’t go back to the past anymore, but I can’t accept this reality, this world. They seems so powerful, they are gods with endless possibilities and knowledge, but at the same time they are so weak, so prudent and soft. They can’t read Language of the Face, they can’t control their emotions,  they can’t even control their own heartbeat, so they put hundreds of wires on my body and asking me to change my [[Sit’a]] so they can understand how I manage to do things that even kids of [[K’yati]] learn before say their first word… It’s a strange world, its not my world, its fascinating and terrifying at the same time and me… I don’t know where I belong to anymore and how to find myself. Again I fall into self-pity… here and now… It’s enough for today … Thank you doctor.