
My name is [[Artanus Trell]], but most people know me as "Sledge". I am the son of [[Arktus Trell]] and [[Alaina Trell]]. My dad is a supplier for [[Dumper's Depot]] and my mom works as a traffic controller on the spaceport. My parents are hard workers. Zeke, the owner of [[Dumper's Depot]], is a good guy. Runs a clean business, but he doesn't ask questions much about where things come from. 

My dad found that there's more money to be made if you aren't picky about where you find things. So dad runs all over the system looking for salvage, discarded parts or junked ships, basically anything that's floating in space. I'm sure that there's also been a person or two that found something suddenly gone missing from their hold, or even the main console. I love the guy, but he's a scavenger.

As I mentioned before, mom works as a traffic controller on the spaceport, [[Riker Memorial Spaceport]] for those of you not familiar with the area. Dad asks her to sometimes alter station records to cover his less than legitimate hauls. She doesn't like it, but she does it for us. Family is the most important thing to her.

I got my start running around the alleys of [[Area 18]]. I mostly stayed out of trouble, but if someone wanted a fight, I didn't mind giving it to them. Of course, I didn't always win either. I came home one day real bloodied and bruised. I didn't expect the punk to bring friends and so I got pummelled hard. Dad knew this guy named [[Dredger]]. I guess he's some local security guard or works for a security company. I'm pretty sure [[Dredger]] isn't his real name. I think he got it because he can pull information out of a rat. Anyways, he started teaching me how to defend myself better, and I started getting fewer bruises.

When I was old enough to get a job, I started working as a clerk and repair tech for [[Zeke]]. He put me in his shop "[[Dumper's Depot]]" and taught me how to repair some of the junk my dad would sell him. I picked up quickly and found I had a knack for fixing things. I'd watch the shop when [[Zeke]] was away and started running things. One day, a couple of shady characters came into the shop. One had a hammer tucked in his belt. They kept trying to lowball us on a drive engine they wanted. I knew [[Zeke]]'s prices were fair. On occasion he'd give a great deal to someone in need that he felt deserved a break. These guys didn't fit that profile though. I finally gave up dealing with these morons and told them to leave. I turned around to go back to repairing and one of them threw that hammer at me. It hit my arm and then the floor. I guess the lowlife just wasn't really good at anything. I picked the hammer up and threw it, bouncing the hammer off his head. He dropped like a sack of salvage. I jumped over the counter and went after him with my fists. He gave up rather quickly. I told him to take his friend and never come back. He hauled his friend off and disappeared down a dark alley. I never saw them again. I was hoping I hadn't killed the guy with the hammer. I wasn't sure what to do. I didn't want to get into trouble with local authorities. I had a minor rap sheet and didn't know if they'd believe me or not. I was worried that those two lowlifes would report me and try to take it out on Zeke, so I called Dredger. He came to the shop, and it was then that I found out he worked for [[BlacJac Private Security]]. I would rather have reported it to the [[UEE]] than get on [[BlacJac]]'s radar. However Dredger was my mentor and he knew me well. Dredger asked me to work part-time for [[BlacJac]]. He said I would make a good enforcer and that their mission is to take care of local businesses, protecting them against the low life scum I had just chased off. Given that he trained me to take care of myself, if he thought I could do it, I could do it. Besides, I wasn't about to tell him "no". He tossed me the hammer and said "Time to get to work...Sledge".

I still worked for [[Zeke]] but I started visiting other businesses in the area, checking on them to see if they had any "problems" that they needed help with. After a while, I started noticing some names popping up more and more often. I took the list to Dredger and that's when he told me about what the [[UEE Advocacy]] does. [[BlacJac]] handles the local security of the planet, along with some other organizations, but the [[UEE Advocacy]] is where you go when your target is off-world. They have contacts with other organizations and agencies if you need to take care of something off world. However, they have no jurisdiction in the [[Banu Protectorate]], and that's where the [[UEE]] said my target has gone. I guess it's time for me to leave [[Area 18]]. See you in the verse.