A New Life 4
On the Edge of the [[Hadrian System]]

Space. Infinite worlds. With these words began an age-old series, which she was almost addicted to back then. Nowadays, it has lost its charm and only triggered nostalgia. 5 days ago she had hijacked a Galaxy on [[ArcCorp]] and in a few minutes she would already be 2 systems away from Stanton. She sighed briefly as she gazed intently through the bridge window. Outside, huge stripes of blue mist waved around, crossed and changed shape. Giant dark blue tornadoes swirled around and through all of this the Galaxy propelled towards its destination. She remembered the first time she had crossed the gap. The adrenaline rushed through the bloodstream and made her nervous like never before. But now even this sight was familiar to her. Of course the dangers remained unchanged. But she now knew what to watch out for: Avoid colliding with the tornadoes and make sure that the direction of travel was always north. All the navigation systems in here failed, but the good old compass with magnets in the glass continued to work for unknown reasons. She looked at the timer: 20 seconds. A push of a button later, the entire ship heard the command: “Prepare for exit! I want to see an immediate location map!”
The countdown reached zero and at the same time the bow began to dissolve. It seemed as if you were flying through a gate that you could neither see nor see the other side. Finally the gate reached her and there it was again. That feeling. The moment in which the body changes dimension is like stepping through a waterfall. Only the waterfall is invisible. And he has such power that you have to push yourself forward with all your might, while at the same time he wants to crush you into a puddle. The biological body doesn't notice anything about it. It is mere matter that alters space. But you, as the I inherent in the body, must literally force you through. Most people laugh at the mind-body theory while being taught it. But at the latest during the first transition, most people change their minds.

She forced her mind through and looked out of the cockpit. Outside, she received the blackness with the twinkling of stars. They were back in normal space. The gaze went down to the instrument panel in front of her. The systems gradually resumed their work and black screens started flickering again. The finger fell on the button for the microphone: “Management report!”
Immediately there was a flood of feedback. Most of the departments reported the green light, an idiot had climbed the boxes in the hold during the change and had hit his head. Occasionally, people who do not wake up were reported. That was to be expected. With any luck, they would recover, but the overwhelming majority are lost in a failed transition.
The navigation system gave a sign of life and immediately began to determine its position. A short moment later it had calibrated and went into normal operation. A quick glance and the microphone was active again. “So my dear ones. Welcome to the Hadrian System. We have missed our target a little, but we are still in the tolerance zone. I wish all those still among us a good rest stay. We will now set course for Hadrian 3. And always remember: this is hot plaster, so all men get ready for the dive!"

Slowly, the Galaxy made a gallant turn and accelerated to cruising speed. Once there, the engines were kept to a minimum and all heat emitters were also almost completely closed. Communications were shut down, and from then on, it seemed to the few sensors who could pick them up as if they were just a transport ship going off course and drifting around on emergency power as a ghost ship. Anyone who cares more about them would notice that they collide with the ice planet and thus give up.

Her fingers gave the Galaxy an order and she pulled out an antenna that sent a directional beam to [[Hadrian III]]. It contained the following message: A shadow is returning to the darkness.