A New Life 2
Spring 2952, [[Orison]]

When I woke up, I saw a white ceiling. That white ceiling I’ve seen so many times. God, I hated it. I turned my head to the right and looked out the window. It was a beautiful day, I noticed. The brown-yellow atmosphere of the gas planet smiled brightly at me. Based on the degree of brightness, I figured it would be a while before a storm would come up. The gaze went back to the ceiling. Then a decision was made and I sat up. White. More white. Those walls were still white. I sighed quietly. There was still a light brown bar at head level, behind which there were sockets and reading lamps, but they didn’t help. The room remained gloomy in appearance. I knocked back the thin white, of course it was white, blanket with many thin light blue stripes and stood up. Went the two steps to the light brown closet made of cheap chipboard and drew me. Black faux leather with red accents.

I approached the door. Open! She withdrew slightly hissing into the wall and gave me a view of the hallway. The same mourning game as in the room greeted me. White walls with light brown strips. Only this time they’re about at hip height. I stepped out and turned to the left. I walked down the hallway. I walked past doors. At a small reception, where the nurses are waiting for any patient call. And then again came the doors in the white walls with the light brown strips. It was really like copying and pasting. Finally, I was at the end. I looked for a moment out of the window in the wall and turned right to the stairs leading up. Step by step was climbed and finally I was at the top. My hand stretched out, grabbed the door knob and twisted it.

As soon as the door opened a crack, the wind and glistening light came towards me. With one hand shielding my eyes, I stepped out onto the roof. After a short acclimatization of my eyes to the light conditions, I lowered my hand and stepped to one of the railings. Breathing deeply in and out again, I leaned on it and stared into the distance. This view is worth the steps each time anew. Platforms of any size, shape and even colour floated everywhere I looked. If you looked closely, you could even see the thrust of the engines, which kept the platforms in their places. And between them, countless transport planes flocked around, forming stripes from a distance that looked almost like solid connections. My hand reached for something on the ground without me looking away from the planet and grabbed a binocular. I had it stationed here on one of my previous visits. Now I put it to the eyes and looked closer at a platform.

She stood out from the crowd with her ribbed appearance. Inside this metal chest, something took shape. Whatever it was, it had to be something big. I´ve been watching the progress since I first came here two months ago. It has, in fact, become a little longer and a little higher, but there has been no mention of completion. Countless ships have landed and taken off on the platform. Some of them I could even see that they were partially disassembled even on one of the booms. Apparently, so much material had to be brought in that even decommissioned ships had to be kept. On one of my night trips up here, of course I had to hide from the night shift, I witnessed how even old warships landed there. So it seems to be meant for war. But since the guns from old ships arrived at night, it seems to be a secret.

I turned the binoculars to another platform. Oh, ha. A new Hercules, then. This basic framework was unmistakable. I breathed a sigh. When do I finally get my replacement ship and get out of this impossible building? I activated the mobile glass and opened the voicemail. Your new ship is still in the works. Please be patient. I deactivated the [[MobiGlass]] again. It’s impossible. A soft voice came out of the back of the head: “If necessary, we just take one, don’t we?“ I shook my head. Lately, such thoughts come up again and again. Just for a split second. But enough to get noticed.

Suddenly music sounded out of my jacket pocket and vibrated. Someone’s calling me. Who could that be? Shut up, or I’ll chop! You! Down! Without losing sight of the Hercules scaffolding, I reached into my pocket, pulled out a turn-of-the-millennium phone, opened it and pressed accept. “Good morning”, I said. “Good morning, Mrs. Kottow”, it came back. “It’s time for your first session of therapy again. ” Again a sigh escaped me, quietly this time. “Of course. I’ll be right there. ” I closed the phone again, stuffed it in my pocket and put the binoculars back on the floor. One last look at the City of platforms and I turned back to the door that would take me back to the realm of white.