A New Life 3
Late spring 2952, [[Orison]]

“And you’re sure we’re going to do this?” came out of the phone.
“Positive”, she said. “Everything looks good so far. So why cancel?” She leaned against a pillar of the spaceport and watched the crowds passing by through dark sunglasses. Some looked at her for a moment, as there were her imitation leather clothes and sunglasses in the interior. One hand buried in a jacket pocket while the other held a 21st century phone. But no one paid any real attention to her. “What about the others?” A short pause followed before it came back: “Everyone in position. Let’s go. ” A look at the clock. 17. 30. “All right. Then the operation is now open. Remember to remind everyone, please don’t use guns if possible. After all, we don’t want to be noticed too soon. “ She hung up and began to march at a moderate pace through the hall.

The target was Hangar 108B. A small hangar away from the busy transit docks. It was kind of frightening how quickly she got to the port’s take-off and landing plan. It had cost her a bit to get it. But her former self had built up a small fortune. The plan she came up with was quite simple. But her voice in her head had always said that the simple plans were always the best. Less planning means less risk if one part collapses. She herself would assume the role of captain, while the other crooks, who are supposed to be her new crew, would pretend to be mere hangar workers in order to gain access to the ship. They would replace the actual crew and prepare everything for her. She has to intercept the actual captain and board the ship to pretend to be him on the radio.

Dark, narrow and long. This is probably the simplest and most descriptive name for the corridor that contains Hangars 100-110. A few ceiling lamps illuminate it and the tons of boxes on the sides. Many looked as if they had been standing there for years. An ideal location for. . . less official deals. A short walk down this corridor was a toilet. She entered it and changed. The door swung open and the faux leather clothes were gone. Now the grey and white of the hangar guides shine. A small nameplate on the left chest shows: [[Mrs Kottow]] – trainee. She walked further down the corridor. A quick look at the clock: 17:37. All right. If everything goes as planned, her men would have reached the ship by now, and the captain should be on his way to the hangar before her. She walked past the gate to Hangar 107C. She noticed how stress was spreading. Where was the goddamn cap? Finally, she heard the echoing clatter of shoes in front of her. She sighed softly. He’s here sooner than planned, but luckily, she can still save it. She slipped into a light jog. There he was. Snow white uniform with black polished shoes.

“Excuse me, one moment, please. ” The person in white turned and looked at her without a word. “[[Kottow]] from the guides”, she said slightly out of breath. “We got a priority start, which is why we have to postpone your start. ” The woman looked bewildered. “Wait a minute”, she said. “Why wasn’t I told about this already?” [[Kottow]] gave an apologetic smile, which went a little wrong. “Excuse me, but it came a bit surprising even for us and unfortunately we couldn’t reach you. ” The Captain’s confused face became sceptical. “Nothing has reached me. ” Now it was [[Kottow]]’s face that looked confused. “There must be a mistake. My colleagues said there was a connection but you didn’t reply. So I was sent to inform you personally about the change. ” The white uniform emitted a soft sigh. “Fine. There’s nothing you can do about that. Priority is priority. When’s the new start?” [[Kottow]]’s mouth corner went up one side barely visible. “Well”, she said, as her hands wandered behind her back and grabbed one handle. “We can’t say that at the moment. ” The woman in front of her was now completely confused and she seemed to notice something as she took a half step backwards while saying, “What do you mean?” [[Kottow]] put on the most serious face she could do. “The thing is”. . . , she started, only to leap forwards unexpectedly and push a Taser to the woman’s throat. “There won’t be any ship left to take off. ” With a dull rumble, the woman collapsed to the floor, and [[Kottow]] uttered a short, suppressed laughter. This was immediately suppressed, and with a straight face she set out to drag the Captain into a dark corner and to appropriate her belongings. Two minutes before the scheduled launch of the ship, she entered the hangar wearing a white uniform and polished shoes.

At 6:05pm, 5 minutes after scheduled launch, a radio in the tower received a message. “Area 18 Tower, evening. Alitalia 12 requesting take-off. ” An answer came promptly. “Evening Alitalia 12. You’re late. ” A short pause. “The preparations for launch took longer than planned”. “Copy”. it came back. “Clearance granted, vertical flight to 18,000. ” There was a buzz on the radio. “Vertical to 18 000, Alitalia 12. ” A majestic Galaxy rose from Hangar 108B and climbed to 18,000 meters, where it activated its FLT and jumped.