LOG Entry: 0009.2
Star Date: 27.9.2952
N-ID: 6275555 - Ranger
Callsign: [[Fives-Fett]]
System: [[Stanton]]
Location: [[Lyria]]

Part 2/4

As I looked through the scope of my P6-LR I began to understand why the [[Nova Intergalactic|NOVA]] scouts didn’t bother to investigate any further at this place. I landed the Slave 5 about 15 km away from my current position, set it into stealth mode and drove the distance with my new Ursa. Now I laid on the rim of the mountains surrounding the valley to which the coordinates lead. Looking through the scope I can’t see anything special or strange about the caterpillar standing in the middle of the valley. On a first look it seems to be a normal, although old caterpillar that was stripped of all the weapons and without the command module. 

But on a closer look I recognised a few proximity sensors, that were laid out underneath the modules and around the elevator. Most likely they weren’t recognisable from a ship scanning the caterpillar from the air. That was interesting, because normally an abandoned ship wouldn’t have this sort of protection, so I decided to take a look inside the ship if possible. I first went back to my Ursa rover to warm me up after laying around outside and to check the systems of the vehicle. I made sure that all the systems were powered down as far as possible and linked the passive radar to my helmet, so I would get a warning if anything was approaching my location. 

I worked my way down to the caterpillar carefully, so I wouldn’t get surprised by any sort of trap or sensor I haven’t noticed yet. As I came near the entrance elevator I took a closer look at the proximity sensors and recognized them as a PSM-04 series sensor, which I came across a few times during my bounty hunter career. The interesting part about those sensors is that they got a weakness in their design which made them easier to disarm. They had a weak spot in their casing where the sensor could be disabled through a gunshot or knife throw without setting off an alarm. I pulled out my P6-LR and aimed at that weak spot. It needed to be a good shot, because if I miss the alarm will be set off. I checked the radar once again before I shot, so I’m sure there is no ship around. I pulled the trigger and I hit the weak spot of the sensor near the elevator. The recoil almost pushed the deactivated sensor into the area of another one, but it didn’t set off the alarm. I made sure that there wasn’t any other sensor protecting the elevator and then moved to the elevator and called it down. I switched to the P4-AR and entered the ship. 


I made my way through the caterpillar and always checked for more traps or sensors. First I went to the back of the ship into the engine room to see if there is any information left I could use. On further investigation I was able to confirm the [[Nova Intergalactic|NOVA]] intel data that the engines were destroyed and this ship wouldn’t fly anywhere. The logs in the engineering station were all wiped, so I couldn’t get any navigational data. They even wiped the refuelling logs. The next room I took a look at was the server room but as in the engineering room there wasn’t anything left in here that would be of use to me.
I got further into the ship and entered the cargo modules. As it turned out not all of them were cargo modules. The third one was actually converted into a medical bay with 4 med beds. It seemed like this was some sort of medical facility they used for the case they had any medical emergencies at The Orphanage. But as I feared there wasn’t any new information here I could use. All stations and computers were wiped, destroyed or even removed entirely. 

The radar of my Ursa suddenly picked up an incoming ship. The unusual thing about it was that it was a lone caterpillar command module and the contact popped up when it was only about 500 m away from the caterpillar I was in. That was alarming. I rushed into the medical module to search for a good hiding spot and wait for whoever was coming in that ship. I heard the command module coming near the caterpillar and as it docked to it the whole ship shook. My Ursa couldn’t get a scan of the module, so I had no idea if I was up against only one person or ten. I hid in my spot, activated the recording of my helmet and listened if I could hear anything. 

End of Log