**Stellar Date: 2951-23-XX** 
**N-ID: 64580417 - [[Sergeant First Class Francisco]]**

It was early in the morning...…..I was sleeping in the bunker. when suddenly I head loud noises. Large noises. I thought it was the training center but I went to check the window. What I saw I will never forget. I saw AA batteries attempting to defend the base. There were hundreds of men attempting to defend the base from a incoming invasion. Then a large green slime thing came flying down. and within seconds turned what was once brave men defending a base into ashes. Attempting to escape I gathered my men and took to emergency tunnel to there emergency drop ship hanger. There was a long line to get onto a drop ship. So instead we headed towards the fighter hanger. We took a Warden and made a run for it. At full speed towards the sky racing towards the heavens. Then suddenly. We felt us getting pulled to a stop. It was a large squid thing something we have never seen before. I blacked out...…..

  
I woke up to find every soldier besides private first class Bradley missing. Bradley was seriously injured. Assessing the situation. We flew to the nearest medical station. The one we arrived at was fully staffed by robots. Bradley went into surgery. I went to the communications center and tried to contact Headquarters. I got patched in and said sir we need...….then suddenly I got disconnected. I looked out the window of the window to see a green cloud covering the whole medical center. I ran to the surgery room and saw Bradley getting wheeled out. I took him to the ship just in time before the whole station was destroyed. I attempted to contact headquarters but was met by static. We didn't have much of a choice but I dreaded needing to go there. We went to the [[acustagas]]. The [[acustagas]] are a secret organisation that survived for over 2 million years. They have always been the enemy of nova. But the [[acustagas]] were also fighting against the aliens so we went full speed towards [[acustagas]]'s capital city [[Arlenda]].

We radioed [[Arlenda]] Air Control letting them know of our situation. We landed and were met by lots of soldiers escorting us to their king. [[King rammma]] the 4th. We asked for assistance as we have a common enemy. He reluctantly agreed. They gave us a much larger ship and sent us on our way. We set course for nova headquarters when suddenly we were intercepted by the aliens but they were too late. We Quantum Warped to Headquarters when we arrived we saw devastation or so we thought. It appeared from our side that the planet was destroyed but the aliens coated our planet with a dust that made it look destroyed. Then suddenly the aliens caught us and put us in a prison cell...…and that's where we are right now. We don't know what they are going to do with us but we think they are going to execute us. Mother Father this is our final goodbye.

**End of Transmission**