LOG ENTRY: 3
STARDATE: 27/10/2952
UEE Citizen Record: #2059794
HANDLE: [[AlphaHugo]]
CALLSIGN: Dragon
LOCATION: [[New Babbage]]

I had asked [[Dr Kamala]] earlier the week if I could have some time to talk to the Tribal leader [[RayChaos]] (callsign Ray) who we had set out to bring in for studying while they were at the [[Mississkippy]] camp (Muyy”tta the tribes called it) as intel had confirmed. This contract assigned to us by [[MicroTech]] was to change a vast understanding of the history of [[Stanton IV]] and its indigenous inhabitants. 
Dr Kamala said I could sit with Ray the morning of the 27th and have a deep conversation around their people and that they apparently could do with our help. I stayed the night at the local residency of NB and proceeded to the research centre to meet with him. As I settle into my chair the science team escorts in a man, shoulders strong he carries himself with pride. As he seats himself opposite me, behind his eyes you see a deep sadness and it shows in his expression. His eyes widen and glow with emotion as he starts to recognise my face, and a smile begins to emerge from the corner of this mouth. “Hi Ray” I say extending my arm and hand as a gesture of good faith. You seem to remember me well? “You’re looking strong as ever, they treating you well?” Ray looks at me, and shakes my hand, “thank you good man” he nods and approves of the gesture. Throughout the conversation we feel a bond form ever deeper and this is the start of a great mutual relationship towards each other.
What we saw as a threat to the new settlers of [[MicroTech]] was indeed wrong, and that the nomadic people were in a elongated period of struggle against the [[Ninetails]] who would constantly harass them and imprison their people, never to be seen again.. He explains that they were unsure of whether the Skypeople (referred to us as modern civilisation with ships) were all the same and had the same intent to capture them, and hence why the fought hard to protect themselves.
Though when they saw us and our apparent organised tactics when we got to their camp, he knew we were not the threat they expected and surrendered to try understand what our real intentions were.
As our conversations progressed, Ray asked if we were able to save more of his fellow tribesman, and indicated where we needed to go and when to find them and bring them in for protection. He would go with though we could possibly face hostility if they for one second thought he has betrayed their people and so we had to prepare for any scenario.
Ray indicated we should go to [[Baihi Aotoa]] (flower market) camp which we had named KH3 Camp, as well as [[Runta Dung]] (the name of a rare mineral plant the tribes used to find here and only here) which MT has named Cave N39. Ray also showed me on a map that the [[Ninetails]] East Babbage Outpost was where their people were taken before being shipped off planet. 

I agreed to help Ray free his people and protect them from the clutches of [[Ninetails]] and offered him a position in [[Nova Intergalactic|NOVA]] as his knowledge could play a great role in diplomacy for NOVA as well as personally mentor him to become a commander within our ranks. His expertise in land navigation and understanding survival could be key to our exploration and guidance to the Frontiers branch. [[RayChoas]] gladly and excitedly accepted the offer. I informed Dr Kamala the outcome of our conversation and asked her to allow him preparation for the task ahead of first setting his people free and arranged for gear to be delivered for them to begin the transition.