LOG ENTRY: #07065202
DATE: 07/06/2952
MISSION CLOCK: 0D, 7H, 15M
N-ID: 5091196490639 - [[ATLAS]]
CALLSIGN: [[DemonikWolfe]]
NAME: [[Dom]]
SYSTEM: [[STANTON]]
SHIP: [[Avenger Titan "Natalie"]]
LOCATION: QT from [[Hurston]] to [[Lyria]]

  

Time: 0120 UTC  

While en'route to drop off supplies to an aid shelter on [[Lyria]], my power plant switched to reduced power mode and reported a severe mechanical problem. An idiot light, as my dad called it when I was a kid. A few moments later the coolers started going into overclock to try and keep the powerplant from overheating. That only lasted about 5 minutes. During those 5 minutes, I furiously tapped and swiped through a dozen diagnostic screens trying to find out what was happening. I reduced the power draw to most of my systems to keep the life support functioning and turned off the station keeping thruster to allow my momentum to keep me headed towards my destination. I did a quick scan to make sure there were no stray asteroids in my path, then got out of the pilot seat.  

It took awhile to go over every system manually and still I could not explain the power problem. I stood looking out the cockpit canopy for several seconds before I decided to go outside and do a visual on the exterior of the ship.  

My helmet made a swish sound just as the locking collar clicked into place with my suit. The display lit up with a blueish light showing the status of its systems. All good. A bit over an hour of air at normal consumption.

A few moments later I was floating outside my Titan. The only sound was my slightly laboured breathing and the crinkle of the suit's material when I moved my body. My momentum exactly matched my ship's speed and direction, so to me it felt like we were both stationary. I still worried that my ship would leave me, so I pulled the tiny cord from my utility belt and clipped it onto the EVA tether ring beside the rear ramp. Using the suits' tiny propulsion thrusters, I maneuverer around the outside of the ship looking for any obvious signs of damage, leaks, or overheating. I found none. What I did find was a large device fastened to the starboard side of my ship. It looked a bit organic in shape and had several thick fins like on a cooler. I realized this must be what was draining my power through some kind of induction method. The fins seemed to be used to dissipate the energy as heat.  

A sudden realization of what I was seeing and what it implied made my heart leap out of my chest. Sabotage? Pirates? I didn't know if this thing had tamper-proof mechanisms, but I had to get it off before whoever placed it on my ship arrived.  

I threw caution to the wind, so to speak, and maneuverer hard to get back into the ship's cargo bay. The sight of the supplies stacked along the walls of the cargo area made me wonder if they really were just medical and food supplies for the research outpost I was headed towards? I rushed into the cockpit, allowed my thruster to bring the ship to a stand-still and shut down all power, then I headed back outside again after grabbing my tool kit.  

I could feel heat through my gloves as I touched the fins of the device. I squinted as I tugged on the device, half expecting it to explode. It seemed to be held in place by a magnetic locking ring. I used my multitool device to remove several small security bolts around the housing, again expecting an explosion. Nothing happened. I removed the housing and found a thick metallic heatsink channelling energy from an induction coil with a series of alien tech boards wired haphazardly together. This seemed to be a repurposed high-power leech device like I had seen used to test power circuits on older stations to ensure the power plants could handle a surge during peak usage. I pulled the cable loose from the activation circuit and the device popped from my hull. I breathed a sigh of relief.

I carried the device back to the ramp and was boarding when I saw three dark shapes drop out of QT behind me. I pulled my [[MobiGlass]] up and pressed send on my logbook files along with an emergency beacon request for assistance.  

I laid the device on my bunk as I made my way back to the pilot seat. It took a long 30 seconds for me to power the ship back up and hit the button to close my cargo ramp. I could hear it whirring as one of the mysterious ships silently gliding into view out of my cockpit. I had seen one like it on display before, an old [[Esperia Blade light fighter]] hung in the dark space outside with its main guns glowing red. I could barely see some orange coloured lights in the cockpit and the shape of a helmet. I glanced down at my shield status. It was slowly rising. Two blasts from the blade hit the shield and energy shimmered into a blue cascading dispersal pattern. I flinched, then glanced down at the shield status again. 2% and frozen. One more shot would knock it completely out, which would mean no protection from what followed.  

I held up my hands so the pirate in the blade could see them. I was hoping to buy a few seconds while my shield started to regenerate and my power systems were spooled up. Maybe I could maneuver and jump. I just needed a few more seconds. These fools did not know I had found their leech device, so maybe they thought I was disabled and not a threat. To be fair, a Titan against three Blades was not a fair fight. So, I made up my mind to run.  

The blade fired again. My ship shook and klaxons sounded as the shields dropped and the hull took damage. I felt another shot from the rear rattle the engines. I saw my ship status showing yellow over the cockpit and engines. Another blast hit my ramp. The shields refused to regenerate and my ramp made a whirring sound, like it had opened a bit. I was a sitting duck.  

I shifted all power to the engines and grabbed the controls. I pushed the throttle to the max thrust expecting a surge of speed. Nothing happened. The controls were still frozen. I yelled a few curse words while scanning the displays, looking for why I was not getting thrust when another few blasts hit my ship. I braced for the explosion. It came, but not my ship. The pirate blade exploded in front of me. The debris peppered my cockpit screen and the nose of my ship.  

A dark shape flew past and rolled over just before firing another missile or torpedo into one of the other pirate ships. It must have been dumb fired, but it hit center mass and the blade broke in pieces then exploded. The other pirate ship thrusted after the mysterious dark ship and sent red energy streaming all around it. None seemed to make contact on the savior ship despite the blade being able to maneuver faster. I watched them race away from me at breakneck speeds.  

I sat frozen for a full minute. They did not return. I shook my head a few times then went to work checking out the systems. Life support was completely down, but my QT drive was within tolerances. I used my working thrusters to spin around as best I could to see the results of the battle that just happened. Not much left, just a few pieces of debris floated nearby. I spun around and noticed my cargo ramp was halfway down. I tapped the 'close ramp' icon on my MFD. The ramp started to close, but stopped about a 1/4 of the way.  

I decided to get out of the area and worry about it later. Many of my thrusters were offline, and my main engines were not responding, but I managed to twist the ship and get it pointed toward my original destination and spooled up the QT drive. I breathed a sigh of relief as I engaged the drive and the ship jumped into Quantum Travel. The coolers were working and the power held.  

I wondered who the mysterious ship's pilot was and if they won the battle with the final pirate blade. I spent the next hour typing my log to document the event and vowed to buy that pilot a round if I ever met them.