1. DATE: [REDACTED] N-ID: <NB-SR388-9848 @RP > - CITIZEN CALLSIGN: ShaRroos LOCATION: STANTON; MicroTech; New Babbage; ShaRroos Solution Systems Garage SHIP: “Point of No Return” “UNKNOWN” 400i Origin A long sigh rolls off the white walls. Green eyes look though the purple haze of her AR glasses staring insentiently on a datapad in her hand. Thick leather fingerless gloves grip the gray slate as she shakes her head. “Welp that seals it, Italina, or her garage did this vessel as well.” Her left shoulder thuds against the open access panel as she clicks a few more check boxes on the report on the panel. _UEE Annual inspection report for Civilian Quantium equipped vessels_ An overwhelming number of points flagged ‘out of tolerance.’ “Well let’s see here Mr. Cepheus the ship passes on Minimum thrust on all vectors. You also pass with flying colors on all the environmental seals and required redundancies.” Her fingers swipe up a few times with another sigh. “Life support filters are clean, he must have had this serviced recently.” She looks to the open panel and pokes at a mostly hidden relay. A dull thud sounds through the cargo room. “You, however, are going to cause a LOT of problems.” Pushing off the wall she strides past a cart laden with tools. Wrenches are stacked on top of multi-meters. A purple and silver multi-tool, worn with age hangs on the side. The tablet on hand is tossed on top of the pile as she passes.  
    The heavy thud of her boots send a hollow thud though the deck plate as she jumps down from the top of the cargo lift. She chuckles to herself. “OH and that is going to be something to explain as well…”
    
2. _[_1:21 PM_]_
    
    Her words trail off as she closes the distances to her office rapidly. “ShaRroos you really might have screwed this one up. Inspections of 400is take 4 days… WHY did you agree to return in FOUR DAYS! JIM would have your head!” With a red half gloved hand she smacks her forehead. “And that is _BEFORE_ you have to find a way to stay above board while ‘omitting’ the 500 questionable modifications, not to say anything for the 100 straight up illegal ones!” Another sigh rolls from her chest as her glasses are tossed on her desk. The purple glow flickering out as they power down. With a soft creak she takes her seat and pulls up her wrist. The holo screen flashes to life as she scrolls through her contacts. Italiana is selected as she pulls her elbows on the desk, planting her chin on the top of her interlocked fingers. Several, slow, seconds roll by before a dull chirp sounds from her wrist. “Of course the first time I know who I need to talk to she does not answer.”  
    ShaRroos spins in her chair, snatching a nearby keyboard into her lap. “I guess we have to old school this.” with a shrug a new message is pulled up.
    
3. _[_1:21 PM_]_
    
    > Hey I ran into a ship that reminded me of your work. I am less keen to try and replace these modifications with my performance parts, as this client comes with a few extra challenges. First, I work with him, indirectly, though another organization we are part of. Additionally, he is, from my understanding, a decently skilled mechanic. As such, I am sure he would notice any changes to his sub components. Considering the care that those who chase zero put into their parts, I thought you should know. Hit me up and let me know how you want to handle this. §S³§
    
4. _[_1:22 PM_]_
    
    Once again her chair squeaks at her as she stands, tossing the keyboard aside and plucking her glasses off the desk. The door closed softly behind her. “Jim would have my HIDE if I accepted this job back home.”Okay time to get into the weeds while we wait for guidance.” The dark brown leather jacket is peeled off and tossed aside before she climbs atop a scissor lift. The awkward cart hums along as she pulls up to the aft section of the sleek craft. With a hiss the jack begins to lift her up to get a better view of the exhaust. “This should be far enough away from any of Italiana’s handy work that I can at least make progress on the inspection while I wait for her.. **YOU HAVE TO BE KIDDING ME!**” Her train of thought cut short as she looks at the exhaust ducting. “A bi-latteral elevator vectoring was not enough. This yahoo has a 3° of freedom floating armature?” Starstruck she climbs onto the vessel. Her gloved hand reaches up and begins to glide along the surface of the mechanism. “Okay I get the first two but why the … **Quench me!**” She shouts. “That crazy SOB integrated an Aerospike manifold INSIDE a bi-vector elevator array!” Okay that is just genius for atmo flight. Her purple glasses hum and click away as she begins her inspection of the assembly. This would be a ‘really’ good design for atmo races, if it could be made a bit lighter. Her eyes narrow as the numbers from her scans come back. “Wait, this array is too thick, WAY too thick.” She turns and snatches a plate from the deck of the jack she was standing on. One hand places the plate on the far side of one of the vector thrusting fins, while her free hand taps on her glasses. The purple glow snaps green as the internals of the fin are displayed.
    
5. _[_1:22 PM_]_
    
    The low frequency radar returns a fuzzy image of piping running though each fin. “What the _flair_ is this for?” Her head drops as she realizes the purpose. “Those are fuel lines, used to cool the exhaust, because of COURSE they are.” She props her elbows up on the hull of the craft, the cool metallic shell hiding more secrets that ShaRroos already knows. “This would lower the IR return, coupled with what I am SURE is some Beryl alloy doing it’s job to reduce EM emissions. This is a sneaky stealth ship.” She takes a seat on the primary exhaust port housing, letting her head thud against the alloy. “Okay so NO WAY I can rip out everything even if she asks me to.” She turns her head to look down the exhaust with another sigh. “Okay so I need a way to stay above board … protect Cepheus from UEE Snooping. This is COUPLED with planning on how to rip out all of Italiana’s tech OR justifying it’s existence.” She stands up once more jumping onto the scissor jack and lowering it. “Okay 12 hours in and a WHOLE lot of work to go.” Lets out a long sigh as she tosses a dataslate on to her desk. The plastic device bounces off four other identical tablets before sliding down the stack and resting against her keyboard. Both hands come up to rub her face muffling a groan. Her hands slide up into her disheveled red hair. Pulling her arm down, checking her wrist for the umpteenth time she lets out a long sigh seeing no new messages. “Okay, I am not going to strip a commander’s ship without a REALLY good reason” She leans over her desk to pluck up one of the dozen tablets. “Reinforced landing struts, that is easy, just an extra license for the mass.”
    
6. _[_1:22 PM_]_
    
    That slate is placed in a new pile before she snatches a second. “Vectored thrusting, that is cake, no extra documentation, it also pairs well with the redundant control surfaces on the aft air foils. HOWEVER, those blooming ‘Radon’ dumps THAT is tricky. Lots of kick … moderate radiation exposure but how to justify the WHY!” This tablet is tossed back onto the pile and a new one is plucked into her hands. “This scan shielding in the cargo bay. I know what it is for, UEE knows what it is for… how do I explain that … that is not what it is for?” With a tablet in one hand and her chin in the other she looks over the calculated outputs of the shield. Her green eyes narrow, boring a hole into the tablet before her face goes wide with realization. “Oh this could work! This is the justification!” Quickly she snatches up another tablet, with a few taps the hull of ‘Point of No Return’ is displayed, data on the estimated composition begins to fill the margins. “Okay we have a beryl alloy stretched over an aggressive heat and EM absorbing paint job.” She sets both tablets down and snatches up a third, setting it on top of the first two. “VERY Aggressive sensors, high resolution, and lots of spacial awareness” A grin spreads over her face as a new slate is plucked from a box behind her. With a giggle she begins tapping away, collating her budding idea. The sharp triple chirp of her communicator wakes the sleeping woman up. Her face pops off her desk, a dataslate stuck to her cheek as she blinks her eyes. A quick shake of her head sends the tablet clattering on the office floor before she pulls her wrist to answer the com. “ShaRroos Solution Systems, How can we help?”
    
7. _[_1:23 PM_]_
    
    The familiar near monotone voice comes back “ShaRroos - Cepheus : You said 4 days. I am on my way to your garage now. Ground approach. Ground hanger access requested. ETA 2 minutes.” The practiced precision of his request shakes the last of the sleep from the corner of ShaRroos’ eyes. “Sir, understood, granted. Bay will be open.” She closes the link then flips screens tapping another button. In the distance the sharp snap ice breaking free from her hanger door floods the garage. Her eyes scan her desk quickly snatching up a pair of data slates, stuffing them under her arm before snatching up her purple glasses. Both tablets stand in stark contrast to the glossy gray units tossed about her office. These mat black units carry bright orange accent markings. The phrase ‘Point of no Return’ embossed into each tablet. ShaRroos quickly glides across the hanger floor. One hand holding the pair of tablets while the second attempts in vain to straighten out her hair. Reaching the black craft she taps a pair of controls on the forward landing assembly. A soft his begins the lowering of the forward hanger, and the main access stairs. The soft whine of an overly tuned hover bike pierces the otherwise quiet hanger. With a grin she looks down at the pair of data pads quickly changing the order as she stands aside of the now fully deployed bike ramp. The hydrogen reactor on the bike spins down as the black and gray armored man dismounts, tapping the control to retract the tiny hanger with-out breaking stride walking up to ShaRroos. “How much?” His metallic voice rolls across the floor. A smirk rolls up ShaRroos’ lip as she hands over the first tablet.
    
8. _[_1:23 PM_]_
    
    “Out the hanger for 34,000 UEC. As previously ment..” The dark armored male takes the offered tablet and holds up a hand to cut the woman off as he reads over the tablet. “I did not ask for a re-registration as a salvage vessel. I asked..” This time ShaRroos is the one to rudely cut in. “Sir, you asked for her to pass discreetly. To keep not only my own shop above board, as well as your own, I had to get creative. This assumes that you don’t want to draw unneeded attention to yourself, NOVA or me?” She raises an eyebrow at the man before continuing “General tune up 10,000 UEC did not need a lot of work there. Corrective registration is 8,000 UEC. As well as 12,000 UEC for LLC filing and required licensing necessary to effect salvage operations in the ‘Helios’ system. That star puts off a _**LOT**_ of EM and the non ionized helium flares will cause HAVOC against any ‘unshielded’ cargo. Some of that science equipment is sensitive, you know? The rest is shop time, parts and other incidentals.”  
    Cepheus waits a moment to ensure the woman is done before continuing. “I said discreetly. I don’t need UEE coming asking about my ship. This is the opp…” The sounds of the woman giggling cuts his words short as he narrows his gaze on the redhead. “Your salvage operations deep inside of an EXTREMELY volatile magnetosphere require quite a bit of proprietary technology. Divulging the specifics of course would put you at a competitive disadvantage. (edited)
    
9. _[_1:23 PM_]_
    
    However, they do pass minimum required specifications.” She hands over the second tablet. “Here is the survey of recently abandoned science experiments that are publicly acknowledged, as well as the estimated value of some of the on board equipment. ‘Point of no Return’ has been loaded with the existing orbit data as well as the latest telemetry on the star’s EM output.” She points to the other tablet “On there you will find your numbered registration of business as well as the number to a retainer should you decide to get one to manage any additional paperwork.” Her smirk splits into a smile and a shrug “Not quite my area but you get the idea” The dark armor holds both tablets in hand looking between them. He came for an inspection and in his hands is a new business, the best cover that could be manufactured, legally, in a couple of days, and a completely above board ship. He flips one of the tablets over, then looks up at his ship finding the colors and pattern match perfectly. The slates are stacked on top of eachother as his voice once again rolls over the floor. “Much more than I was expecting, and on time, I will have the agreed sum transferred to your account. Thank you” With a nod he turns and bounds up the waiting stairs.