1. DATE: [REDACTED] N-ID: <NB-SR388-9848> - CITIZEN CALLSIGN: ShaRroos LOCATION: STANTON; MicroTech; New Babbage; ShaRroos Solution Systems Garage SHIP: N/A A sharp ‘clang’ rings though the oversized hanger as the well toned redheaded master of the Garage stands atop the half stripped Anvil Arrow. With a fire in her green eyes she lifts a massive mallet of steel off the frame and onto her shoulders. “Look here ‘Snuggle’ you WILL give up your primary intake vent or I will turn it to slag” she spits at the frame as she uses the sledge hammer to point at a pile of tanks and hoses in the corner. “So you can be nice or liquid your call?” Her shoulders flex, forcing a bead of sweat down her back as the hammer once again comes down on the stuck wrench. The clang rings hollow as the bolt gives under the forces of leverage. With a chuckle a smirk rolls up ShaRroos’ face. “That’s what I thought. No one wants to be liquid” Once again the hammer is pulled from the frame as she leans down and pats the offending vent. “Now let's see what we can do about getting a little more juice though you shall we?” Tossing the hammer aside it thuds soundly against the floor of the garage before she stuffs her arms into the frame. With a soft grunt the vent is pulled up and clear of it’s housing and sat on a large cloth. Half dragging she moves the part to a waiting lift on the edge of the starboard wing. With a shrill triple chirp her attention is pulled to the front of the hanger. A clean suit with far too much hair product striding into her workspace. With a groan she snatches her jacket from the lift before jumping down.
    
2. _[_9:36 AM_]_
    
    “Assuming you value your limbs, stay behind the yellow line!” She shouts, flicking a finger at the man. She tugs the jacket on her way to the guest. “You don’t look like a racer.” Her eyes narrow at the taller male. “That means collector or sponsor, which is it?” A blue cloth is pulled from the well worn brown leather jacket to wipe her hands cleanish of grease. The blond male’s silver eyes narrow at the woman as he extends a hand in greeting, seeing as she is cleaning it up anyway. “Wrong on both accounts. Explorer. Word around the Thaw is that you are the woman to come see if you need more than a minor tweak on a ship?” After shaking the freshly polished hand he reaches into his suit and pulls out a tablet, handing it over to the green eyed woman. “I recently came across an old 325a that has seen more than a few light years.” ShaRroos starts looking through the tablet and the 325a on it. “I am going to be honest, I don’t know much about engineering but I want to know is it possible to increase her legs some?” The redhead looks up at him questioningly. “I know most Origin ships have the AIR system to help with hydrogen fuel scooping but can we keep her out even longer to really get out there and explore, say for the weekend?” A heavy sigh rolls from the redhead's lips as she flicks through the tablet a few more seconds. “Normally I would say surething 200 Mega Km would be easy. However the numbers you have here, this ship has already had EXTENSIVE work done on it. With that said, I don’t see any manufacturer listing for half of these parts. I am going to need 500k to even START to get you an estimate.” Silver eyes frowns at the price. “Look, you can take it somewhere else if you don’t like it but I don’t know what you have.
    
3. _[_9:36 AM_]_
    
    To be honest, I don’t think YOU know what you have. Until we do, I don’t know how much it would cost to get your girl where you want her to be.” She turns the tablet around and holds it out to the suit. “500k so I can tear her apart and figure out what she has going for her. I will tune her as she is now and then I can get you an estimate of where I can take her. Two weeks and you will have a ship you can fly out of here if you don’t like what I can offer?” The suit looks at the Arrow in the corner that she crawled off of and then over to a Graycat covered in fireball paints. “600k and I sit in front of those two” pointing at the crafts. ShaRroos shakes her head with a smirk. “Nope 500k and two week was the offer. I do a lot of work at the same time. I will not sit on my hands waiting for a diagnostic to come back from your craft when I could use that time to begin fabrication on something else.” This time it is the suit’s turn to sigh. “Deal, contact information is on the tablet. The craft is parked at NBIS Hanger 3.” He pulls up his mobiglass and flicks a few times, ShaRroos’ chimes in response. “See you in a couple of weeks.” Profanity spills out of the small hatch on the side of the half stripped 325a. The whole of the port of the craft lay her superstructure bare to the well lit hanger. A clearly frustrated engineer walks out onto a yellow ramp pressed up against the sleek metallic blue fuselage. “Another control box. What in the UNION are you tracking?” She turns the small black box over in her hands before setting it down on the table at the bottom of the ramp.
    
4. _[_9:37 AM_]_
    
    Next to it are three other nearly identical looking boxes, only the number of wires protruding from each giving a hint of anything setting them apart. “FOUR days and I still have no clue what you are?” Pulling a grease pen from her pocket she jots down some numbers on the newest box. Her left hand wipes her brow clean of a small bead of sweat before planting on the table. She looks over the table at the two dozen other parts spread out. Each one marked with a white grease pen. “I am going to have to call Jim. This is obviously a custom job. But why would you ADD weight, steal processing cycles to track a half dozen low level systems and just… AHHH!” A long sigh punctuated her thoughts. With a thud she plops into her seat at a computer sitting on the side of the hanger. The grease pen is tossed at a small cup sitting in the corner of her desk. With a clatter it rolls out to dance on the floor. Her fingers get to work keying up an old friend. After a few moments the screen is filled with the visage of a weathered man. His long beard long ago gave up it’s color to white. A smile spreads over his face tugging at the edges of his mustache. A thick gravely, yet cheerful voice greets her. “ShaRroos! Good to hear from you. Looks like you are in the middle of something? What did you break, how do you expect me to fix it?” ShaRroos chuckles along with the older male, simply shaking her head. “Glad you missed me Jim.” She swipes a couple of times on her monitor and sends a few files over the connection. “I have a bit of a puzzle. Some suit brought in an OLD school 325a. However, at least one other shop got it before me. This guy apparently does not believe in documentation like AT ALL.
    
5. _[_9:37 AM_]_
    
    I sent you a couple drawings of some of the parts I pulled off it. As well as a preliminary circut chase of the control module wired into them.” She looks off to the side and shakes her head. “Thing is there are SIX local networks I have found in this thing so far. I figure you have seen some strange things maybe you can point me in the direction of the manufacture so I can figure out what I can gut or keep” Jim’s smile fades as he eyes narrow onto the provided drawing. His long beard is given a couple strokes as he clicks through the offered material. “Those tolerances right? If so, this is someone with a high amount of skill and ‘probably’ would not want their drawings all over the net. Tell you what I will make some calls and see if I can’t dig something up. As to what you can gut or keep, I would prep for full baseline replacements at the minimum. Once you pull one of these systems you might have to yank them all. Make sure you quote your client for that price. Don’t want to see you get burned like with that Freelancer.” ShaRroos’ eyes go wide as she is reminded of that deal. “Look, I made a mistake on ONE quote and you won’t let it die” She chuckles softly before nodding at the older man “Sure thing, and thanks” Green eyes look over a small fan blade as she rolls it in her fingers. Several small white marks litter the blade as she inspects it. Three machines whirr and gurgle behind her as the parts put in yesterday begin the polish pass. She clicks on her computer waking it up from it’s slumber, still no messages. “Calm down ShaRroos, it has only been a day I am sure Jim will get answers soon enough” With a light huff the toned redhead stands from her desk, tossing the fan blade onto her desk.
    
6. _[_9:37 AM_]_
    
    Turning to her shop floor her head cants to the side as her green eyes narrow in on someone standing next to the source of her concern, the troublesome 325a. Grabbing her jacket and tugging it on as she power walks out to the intruder. A ForceFlex undersuit with more than a few tools pinned to the waist points to an engineer. “If you value your limbs I am going to need you to get behind the yellow line” she shouts out to the person inspecting the table of parts pulled from the craft. Mid stride, ShaRroos plucks a sledge from the ground and hefts it onto her shoulder. As she approaches, the woman turns to face ShaRroos. The donned oracle helmet obstructing most of her features. “Good rule to have. Speaking of having things, it appears you have some of my work here.” She turns from ShaRroos and begins eyeing the table of contents once again. “It has been a while since I worked on this craft but this looks like a very thorough extraction.” She turns to face the redhead once again. “Tell you what. You were right the client has no idea what he ‘had.’ As such, I will take everything on this table off your hands for 500k. You can backfill with your parts. Client is happy about your quick turn around and you double your bill.” ShaRroos looks at the table of parts and then at the strange woman in front of her. “I kind of figured as much. Those are some very tight tolerances but why so heavy? As well, why the extra titanium mesh in your control boxes. Hell WHY so MANY control boxes?”
    
7. _[_9:38 AM_]_
    
    The sledge hammer head is sat on the hanger floor softly as she walks away from it, plucking one of the control boxes from the table. A soft chuckle spills out of the Oracal helmet. “Look, you seem like a nice girl, and you do great work in your field. With that said, asking too many questions about my work might draw some ‘unwanted visitors’ So, maybe no more pictures on the network hu?” The woman points to ShaRroos’ mobiglass. “I will send you instructions on where to send these parts. As well should you come across any more I will of course pay you for your time in returning them to me. Call me Italina.” ShaRroos looks away from the woman as her Mobiglass chirps. A new [REDACTED] contact showing up on her recent list. “That is nice an all but I don’t know much about this cloak and……” her words trail off as she looks around the hanger finding no one but herself standing next to the craft.