1. DATE: 07 Jun 2952 N-ID: <NB-SR388-9848> - CITIZEN CALLSIGN: ShaRroos LOCATION: STANTON; MicroTech; New Babbage; SHIP: 132c (Unnamed)      ShaRroos lets out a long sigh as she leans over a small chunk of twisted metal and wires. The word “Behering” scrawled in bold letters on its flat side boasting about the pedigree of its origins. With a bare finger she double taps one one of the circular protrusions on the exposed face. Her glasses light up giving a diagram of its components as the fingerless gloves twist and flick the air turning and moving the Augmented Reality image. Another long sigh rolls from her lips as she plucks her specs from their perch before being stuffed into the long leather duster. Straightening up to eye the attendant behind the counter, ShaRroos looks at the thoroughly bored man. Dirty blond hair shakes over his silver eyes before his gravelly voice pierces the silence of the shop. “Look here woman, either take that Concord or take your UEC somewhere else. I don’t need or want you second guessing my stock all damn day.” It takes three strides for him to cross the counter to slide a dataslate over to the redhead. (edited)
    
2. _[_3:09 AM_]_
    
    . A soft thump rolls over the slate as her half gloved hand stops it with a smile. Green eyes dart quickly over the terms on the pad. A few button presses later the pad is slid back across the counter. “This one is in perfect order. Please have it delivered to NBIS Hanger 2.” She flicks her head to the dataslate with a smirk. “You not only made yourself a commision but check the pad to make sure Omega does not short your tips.” With a final wave over her shoulder she strides though the double doors of Omega Pro and back into the plaza proper. “Whammers … then wrench time.”  . Loud curses echo out the white camo painted door of the sleek 135c. A curious hanger  guard halts his cautious approach as a bright blue flash floods Hanger 2. Slowly he backs away as a thin redhead exits the ship patting her blue shirt. Furiously she smacks at her chest as it billows with smoke.  “SON OF A GAHHH. Learn to land woman!” she shouts to no one in particular. Again the guard takes a few extra steps back before his eyes are drawn to where the hilt of the Crusader sword has been replaced by fair freckled skin and a modest amount of cleavage framed by the still smoldering ring of burnt fabric. With a sigh she looks down at the ruined shirt shaking her head. “There goes another one.” She exclaims before turning back to the ship as she strips off the ruined garment, tossing it to her right where it smacks against the port wing. Curiosity getting the better of him, the guard once again cautiously approached the craft. (edited)
    
3. _[_3:10 AM_]_
    
    . Once again loud curses echo off the walls of the hanger, followed by a grunt as a large chunk of smoking metal and tech fly out of the door. The burnt module clangs once on the metal deck plates, the second time it strikes the ground it lands with a solid thud, several parts scatter off into the distance. Again the curious guard thought better of his intentions and slowly backed up to his post. The redhead leans out of the door with a satisfied grin on her face. Her skin, covered in a familiar dark gray undersuit, flexes as she snatches her new blue rag off the port wing. Using the recovered shirt the small bits of scrap are swept up and deposited into a recycling bin, quickly followed by the rest of the Basilisk garbage. Slowly she packs up her tools as the interior panels are shut and polished clean of fingerprints. “Now a test run. Hey you!” she shouts to the overly curious guard. “Be a nav and let ATC know I am leaving. It is the least you could do for the show.” She lets a smirk roll up her face the moment before she lowers a blue helmet over it. (edited)
    
4. _[_3:10 AM_]_
    
    . The serene landscape is shattered against the roar of the twin main thrusters of a snow camo painted dart. Trees shutter, tossing their snow covered branches to the wind of the pressure wake slamming against the ground, kissing the ventral hull of a 135c pushed to its limits. A computer voice cracks in the cabin “Hydrogen fuel seventy five percent.” With a tight yank on the yoke the craft pitches up sharply. ShaRroos groans and hufs pushing her blood where it belongs, her head. Coming out of the high G pitch, and sound returning to her ears the chirp of her mobi glass demands attention. [Olympus Principle: Requesting investigation of missing Caterpillar. Last transponder callback indicates MicroTech jurisdiction.] With a shrug she accepts the contract, twisting her yoke and spinning up her Quantum drive. “This should be an easy pay day. I think I know the mountain they probably hit.” A new blinking marker gives her the last known location on the surface. “Yep, NOTHING out there but mountains. Looks like a get to break you in a little longer.” The gray gloved hand of her flight suit strokes one of the MFDs a moment before she sets course to the mountains in the middle of nowhere. (edited)
    
5. _[_3:10 AM_]_
    
    . “Conta, Conta, Contact” the triple call of the computer pulls ShaRroos out of her day dreaming as three new red triangles show up. “Hum, this is just … “ she is cut off as her alert panel starts to light up. ‘Chirp’ [Radar Lock], ‘Chirp Chirp’ [Missile Lock], ‘scree scree scree’ [Incoming missile] Bright bold red letters take up half the HUD as 4 new angry red plus signs show up on radar. “HaydeDe is gonna kill me!” She shouts, yanking the controls into a roll. ‘thu, thu, thu, thump’ shutters her ship as she pitches off angle dumping flares. Her fingers flick at her sticks as her MFD flutters to keep up with the data request. “Max, Buck, Val… A FREAKING VALK!” she shouts to herself. In Front of her is the large troop transport, a quick press of a button and it lights up red her PIP green. “Well I wanted a test” Five pairs of laser cannon shots scream to the mark. The purple glow of impact lets ShaRroos know that those shots counted. (edited)
    
6. _[_3:10 AM_]_
    
    .  
    “Warning Shields critical” Calls out the computer as the speed limiter is rolled to max. The hull groans under the new boosted thrust as the ventral thrusters throw out hydrogen rapidly lurching to a stiff bank. Again she cycles through targets finding the Max on her tail. “Lets see how well you fly” Power is dumped into engines as the booster’s tanks are refilled painfully slowly. ShaRroos dives to the surface, nearly bending her wife’s craft to the curves of the mountains. Throwing the throttle full open emptying every gram of boost fuel in the tanks she screams through a valley. Leveling out her roll, a pair of trees encompass the full breath of her vision. “oooh… so dead so dead” she screams, twisting her controls and rolling the ship to knife blade between the flora. A low rumble shutters though her hull as a red triangle vanishes from her radar. (edited)
    
7. _[_3:11 AM_]_
    
    . Again the computer ruins her moment as it chimes in. “Hydrogen 50%” Pulling out of the valley the sound of solid chunks of metal striking the formerly newly painted ship. “I just fixed that!” she yells, turning to engage the large craft once again. Power is dumped into weapons as the green box lights up for her, the Valkyrie making a nice picture. Charging straight at the much larger vessel her vision is obscured by the blue hue of impacted shields rapidly turning purple.  “Shields Critical” the computer reminds her “I KNOW shut up I…m FLYING” she groans shifting her power plant to share shield and boost fueling. Her steep curve gives her the distance to flick over to missiles, spinning up the full complement of four she sets her lock on the buck. “you need to go away!” With a grin she pulls the trigger. Nothing happens, again she pulls, again nothing. Glancing at her MFDs, none are set to waspons. Again the sound of solid metal rakes against her hull. Looking up her green eyes go wide as the buck is meters from her nose closing VERY fast.  Throwing the yoke forward she dives to the ground once more. “Come down here and play!” She screams into her helmet as she kicks up a cloud of snow in her wake. Once again she yanks and banks her way through the mountains. Her speed and altitude forcing the ground effect to blow snow off the ground, obscuring her from the very pissed off red triangle on her 6. Screaming over a ridge she dives low, throwing her ship into retro burn while dumping her boost fuel again, straining her maneuvering thrusters to violently throw her into a steep rolled bank, narrowly doging another ridge. (edited)
    
8. _[_3:11 AM_]_
    
    . With her ears ringing and her vision clearing her craft is flattened out and pulled up to give her some breathing room. “Hydrogen 25%” “Shields Crit, Shields offline” the computer once again yelling at her likely out of its own self interest in not being blown up. A stiff port bank takes her out of the line of fire as she runs to the protection of low altitude. “Please be as dumb as your friends” A quick glance of her self status showing most of the more than gently used vessel bright red. More solid chunks of ammunition strike her hull. Pulling a starboard roll and burning her retro thrust under full boost nearly bringing her to a stop as she aims for a narrow valley. With horror her eyes narrow on the boost fuel gauge as it drops to zero in an instant. Her mind runs the numbers, Velocity still 118m/s, Shields offline, Highly compromised hull, Solid mountain 64m away, ‘yea im’ dead’ she thinks to herself.  **End RP**