1. DATE: [REDACTED 2 of 2 @RP ] N-ID: <NB-SR388-9848> - CITIZEN CALLSIGN: ShaRroos LOCATION: STANTON: Crusader; Orison; Multiple SHIP: “UN-Named” UN-Registered C2 Hercules StarLifter Crusader “UN-Named” Un-Registered Spartan Anvil ShaRroos’ yellow gloved hand lines up the bright red vial up with the newest spot of ventilation in her armor. Her thumb slides up the side of the tube causing a sizable spike to spring out of the other end. With a swift deliberate motion the needle is plunged into her abdomen soliciting a silent scream, barely heard though the reinforced steel helmet. A hiss drains the liquid from the tool before the yellow hand chucks it aside, sending it clattering down the street. The single light on the front of her helmet shakes back and forth as she snatches her rifle from the ground. “Escort Green, Primary green” Her shaky voice calls over the unit’s com. She checks High Command Fleshfear once more. His eyes narrow with determination before he slaps the yellow back armor of his protector. Shouting over the gunfire “Tell Aingera, I need to talk to him NOW!” Nodding to the boss she keys up into the party. “Aingera : ShaRroos Primary requires immediate communication. Putting down suppressive fire for transit in 10” The rifle is flipped over as she rips out the mag, checking her count before slamming it back. A quick flick of the charging handle and she half stands letting rounds loose down range aiming for anything moving and especially anything purple. Short controlled bursts ring out as the red armored unit Admiral dashes from behind his cover to slide in behind her own. She steals a glance behind her catching the black velvet vested man holding the red armor by the breastplate.
    
2. _[_6:54 AM_]_
    
    His face centimeters from the black helmet, the conversation obviously one sided. Her thoughts are interrupted as a familiar cool calm voice calls out. “Angeria : Unit sitrep, sound off med, ammo” “Left one: green, yellow” “Left two: yellow, green” “Left three: yellow, yellow” “Right one: green, red” “Right two: red, red, sounding for Right three: Dead” “Right four: yellow, red” ShaRroos kneels down behind her cover, the sound of concrete cooking off a plasma shot thuds though the street. Her hands pat her chest counting her gear finding very little still in place. “Escort: Green, Red'' She looks behind her at the conversation that does not seem to be going the way the Admiral intended as his head slumps before nodding. Once again, his cool voice snaps though the Unit. “Unit : Aingera _Change of plans_ Primary has decided he would like for us to deal with these Purple Pirate Punks **BEFORE** we give him a ride out of here. Left two, you are swapping with Escort. Get in this elevator and secure until extraction. That door opens for **NO ONE** but me, understood?” Another voice returns, “Left two ACK ‘Escort’ moving to secure closet” The last of the mags held to the yellow chest is yanked from its mount and slapped into ShaRroos’ gun. “Escort ACK Left two” She calls out before standing again letting a few more rounds fly. Authority claims the coms “There is a C2 on top of Bravo Whisky Delta Dash Echo. The owners said we can borrow it. Our system's defense force knows the culprit and has a really good idea where he is hiding so we are going to go say hello!”
    
3. _[_6:55 AM_]_
    
    Half the unit takes a knee, everyone checking their local maps and trying to memorize the landmarks. “Let's go borrow a big toy!” he shouts over the com before standing up letting the torrent of metal flying from his rifle. Falling in behind and flanking him the rest of the squad spreads out mowing down anyone stupid enough to peek thier head out from cover. With a yellow boot ShaRroos rolls a teal armored soldier over. His purple gridded emblem stands proud on his chest armor. She takes a knee next to the fallen combatant then quicking stripping his rifle of its mag and snagging the remaining ones off his chest. Her yellow helmet scans the area once more before keying up her coms. “Angeria - ShaRroos: My position LMG ammo for you. Blue heavy armor next to the buggy.” The yellow armor stands up scanning the midrange. The lower right of her HUD jumps from 20 / 0 to 20 / 120. “ShaRroos Green, Green” The red gauntlet of the unit taps her shoulder swapping places with the woman as he kneels down and begins to strip his needed ammo. His authority once again claims the channel “Unit - Angeria: Yellow, Green. Sounds like we are good to go say hello to that toy.” He stands up walking back to the building with ShaRroos several steps behind. The clean white and green lobby of a sales floor lay utterly ruined with the scorch and pot marks from a hard fought battle. “This lobby was **MUCH** better defended than **ANYWHERE** else on this platform.”
    
4. _[_6:55 AM_]_
    
    A long sigh rolls though the coms as he continues. “I am willing to bet there is _something_ up there that these Purple Pirate Punks don’t want us to see.” With a chuckle he continues, “and that just makes me want to see it more.” He looks over the unit as he moves to the elevator, punching the button. “I am not going to sugar coat this. They know we are coming, and this elevator is the ONLY way up. That means as soon as those doors open up on the top you need to get out as fast as you can.” He pulls a large cylinder from his chest as the doors open before stepping in. “This is going to hurt a lot so let's make it count.” With a nod the unit piles into the elevator. Red armor, scorched with laser and plasma burns stands at the vanguard. The silence of the elevator is punctuated by the sound of a metal ring clattering on the floor. ShaRroos’ eyes go wide as she finds the source of the sound the moment before the elevator opened. The grenade is lobbed high and deep into the room. A thunderous racket accompanied by a brilliant flash drowns out the sound of a dozen rifles firing both directions. The elevator quickly empties, the Yellow armor the last out as she takes aim at the first spot of purple she can find. The triple clack of her rifle shoves itself into her shoulder before it is swung to find a new target to set down with another burst of metal. Each member of the unit fans out finding what cover or concealment that can be found. The black and red couch begins to chuck plums of fluff as bullets rip into it. With a left hand a new mag is pulled from her chest, as her right begins to drop her magazine.
    
5. _[_6:55 AM_]_
    
    “ShaRroos, reloading!” she pushes over her coms. The spent piece of plastic is tossed aside as she slides the next into the well. “ShaRroos UP!” she shouts, peeking her head over the back of the couch letting several more shots fly down range. “Unit - Angeria: 11 o’clock second level, behind pillar. That is a LT of these guys. He does **NOT GO HOME!**”” ShaRroos looks over “Left Two - No shot” Once again her couch snows its stuffing into the air, forcing the yellow armor to crouch lower. A single loud **CRACK** rolls though the room, overshadowing the fire from everyone else. With a cool collected voice another man takes over the channel “Right Four: LT down and out of 12.7 And that puts special at _bingo_” Cautiously the yellow helmet peaks over the shattered remains of the couch. Eyeing down her scope she pans over the roof just outside the ruined lounge. Looking up the stairs she sees a familiar sight. ““Angeria - ShaRroos: That toy you wanted looks to be right where you said it would be. It is also loaded with an APC. Should we take that for a spin as well?” ShaRroos strapps herself into the driver seat of the Armored APC. Her yellow shoulders rock side to side as the oversized deck lerches and heaves. “Unit - Angeria : Not going to lie, this landing is going to hurt. Load up into that APC and as soon as that forward hatch opens, ShaRroos you need to punch it!” The screech of twisting metal breaks though the coms as the cream and pink swirls of the gas giant’s atmosphere shine though a new hole ripped in the hull
    
6. _[_6:56 AM_]_
    
    A groan of strained pistons cry out as they push and shove the massive doors splitting them open, exposing the greens and white of the manicured platform below. “Unit - ShaRroos: I hope you’re strapped in.” Her yellow boot slams to the floor sending the 8 wheels screaming off the ramp. The green armored hulk takes flight crashing into the tops of the trees before twisting and smashing into the ground, landing on it’s side. With a groan a yellow glove slams onto a button, causing the wheeled vehicle to begin opening. An explosion rips across her canopy. Chunks of white and red hull shower the artificial forest. Crawling out of her seat, ShaRroos looks through the armored window, seeing the smoldering husk of the once new C2. “Angeria - ShaRroos: Sound off med” Several moments tick by without a response. The piercing silence is broken by another voice. “Unit - Left One: Assuming operational command. Civilian contact indicates these Purple Punks have fortified the barge just above our heads. We are going up there and removing that commander from the field.” Slowly the unit piles out of the wrecked APC, surrounded by burning remains. Flames licking the armor of each of the remaining 6 members of the unit, weapons drawn as they advance. Belches of fire and metal lurch forward clearing a path for the dedicated troops. The yellow armored ShaRroos runs forward kneeling behind a raised walkway. The barrel of her rifle braces against the white ceramic fixture before belching out a triple ring of fire and metal.
    
7. _[_6:56 AM_]_
    
    Two more file in behind her, kneeling next to the bulky and battered armor for a moment, before vaulting over and sprinting to insta-barrier set-up just 10 meters away. Each soldier leans out the edge letting their rifles sing. The pair sounding off ushered the remaining 3 armored units to rush forward, finding a short wall a further 10 meters up, crouching and adding their rounds to the song. Launching from her crouch, ShaRroos tosses a mag sprinting forward. The cadence of her charge slams another box into her rifle as ducks into a small alcove. The gloved hand taps the control panel for the elevator. “Unit - Left two: Elevator called” She kneels next to the opening, leaning to the right as she sights down her scope. A triple ring belches forward obscuring a teal helmet with a fine red mist. Two armored men run past the yellow marker. The first kneeling along the opposite wall, picking his own target and sending rounds down range. The second sprints past kneeling in the now open elevator, his red armored boot pressed against the door keeping it open. “Elevator - Right : Crossing!” The half wall sprouts 3 men, vaulting over the top sprinting to the alcove to stack in the elevator. ShaRroos flicks her helmet to the man covering the right wall. He stands, backing up quickly into the held elevator. Quickly following form, ShaRroos also backs into the elevator, keeping her crouch low. “Last man, send it” she calls as soon as her barrel clears the door. _**DING**_ “VIP Docking port” the much too chipper elevator voice sings to the unit the moment before the doors open.
    
8. _[_6:56 AM_]_
    
    The sounds of steel, lead, and plasma slamming against the doors as they open hints at the torrent that awaits them. The yellow helmet bounces to the side as a chunk of metal ricochets off her helmet. Still crouched she scurries out of the elevator catching a hot bolt of laser into her right shoulder. Screaming in pain she shouts though her coms “ShaRroos hit moving to cover 9oclock” Her arm goes limp dropping her rifle on the ground. The rest of the unit returns the torrent with their own storm. Near constant fire presses against the concealment of the enemy, either forcing them to lay down or at least keep their heads down. “Left two - Left one : Find cover stay there! Left three give her some cover, Right form on Left One fan right.” Using her good arm ShaRroos crawls and stumbles to sit behind, what looks akin to a reception desk. Her left hand unholsters the white pistol on her hip. The green gell jiggling a little as she fips the control panel on the back. Clumsily she fiddles with the settings before jamming the barrel into the still smoking shoulder. Groaning deeply through gritted teeth she pulls the trigger. The plunger clears half the container before stopping. The single light on the yellow helmet shakes side to side as she reholsters the white pistol flexing her right hand. “ShaRroos yellow returning to the fight” She calls out. Moving from sitting to taking a knee she peeks over the counter, that was her refuge, in time to see the red armor just in front of the counter evaporate.
    
9. _[_6:56 AM_]_
    
    The pressure of the blast picks the yellow figure up tossing her though the decorative grass wall. Though a cough she looks at the corner of her hud. Both her right arm and now chest return detected injuries. Her combat effectives estimated at 57%, according to the little angry red circle. The extra adrenaline, both artificial and biological, flowing in her body forces her to snatch the pistol from her hip. Cupping, and bracing with her off, and uninjured hand, she brings it up to let 4 shots ‘twank, twank, twank, twank,’ scream out. The purple eyed helmet goes dark as the body slumps to the ground. “OC - ShaRroos Sounding med yellow, weapon red running on side arm. Sounding for left three: dead” “ShaRroos - OC : Understood, primary target down. Searching for intel now.” A long pause hangs in the air. “Found it. Forwarding to ‘Launchpad’ Hopefully she can get this field shut down.” She lets out a sigh as she leans up against the wall. “OC - ShaRroos, OH she will get it shut down. Just don’t tell her about the .. monkies” A questioning voice calls back “ShaRroos - OC : Monkies?” ShaRroos giggles and keys up “Yea the purple ones .. with all the bubble gum. They are fun but don’ ea em da … kina .. yucky” Her voice trails off as counter next to her status continues to tick up 78%, 83%. The yellow armor slumps against the wall as a distant voice cracks over coms. The voice seems frantic, and familiar. “... Sha….. … don’..... you …on… use… ..era”