1. DATE: 07 Jun 2952 N-ID: <NB-SR388-9848> - CITIZEN CALLSIGN: ShaRroos LOCATION: STANTON; MicroTech SHIP: N/A Snow covered pines shutter and shake, dumping their snow covered branches on the ground below as the high whine of a slow moving ship drifts just over the canopy. Green eyes flutter open only to be screwed shut against the harsh internal lighting of the helmet. Slowly ShaRroos opens her eyes once more as she feels the thrumming of a medium size ship nearby. Looking around her helmet only white surrounds her faceplate. “buried or face down, or both?” she questions too herself. “this is gross” she uttered before spitting on her own faceplate, her eyes tracking the beads movement. “Okay face down, can I moOOOV AHHH!” she screams in pain mid roll. The comfortable numbness of a thoroughly iced arm is quickly replaced by the sharp rip and stabbing pain of a limb bent in a direction it was not designed for. Gritting her teeth she takes sharp shallow rapid breaths. “Break my wife’s ship and my arm FUN!” Her face furrows as she resolves to check the rest of her limbs slowly. Screwing up in pain as fresh tears well in her eyes as her left leg is explored. As a small solace her right limbs seem intact. (edited)
    
2. _[_6:49 AM_]_
    
    . With a twist, a grunt, and a pull the gray sleeved right arm slowly moves up her chest, digging snow out of the way. A now shivering hand clicks a button on her helmet, powering it down. The once white world of her faceplace is replaced with darkness. One slow and focused deep breath later she clicks it back on. The lights sputter back on, confirming that she is still face down in the snow, the edges of her test bead beginning to freeze. Her HUD snaps into place showing two bright red limbs labeled [1]. “Thought so.” she sighs though deliberate breaths. To add insult to injury a much to small number reads out [Estimated survival time: 0:00:16] and further still her core body temp reads to bloody cold. Further still O2 reads out [16%]. “Fun pick your regen” she chuckles to herself. Being as careful as she can, using only her good arm, the blue helmeted woman begins to dig at the snow. A gray glove burst through the surface of her prison, clearing way for the blue helmet to crest the boundary between buried and air. Slowly taking in the open air, emerald eyes dart around the sky. The faint thrum of a distant engine can be heard a moment before she catches sight of the Valkyrie headed away from her.  “Okay looks like they have not found me yet. Good I get to take that off my options!” (edited)
    
3. _[_6:49 AM_]_
    
    . Pushing with one arm she drags her limp leg out of the prison of snow and ice, still gritting her teeth. With a loud ‘hissssss’ ShaRroos flinches a moment before she sees the O2 tank self filling before removing itself from the HUD. “whew .. Awesome another option off the board.” She groans in pain, scooting up against a tree trunk. “Keep this up I might run out of choices.”  The distant thrum changes pitch picking up a high whine of Hyrdogen being dumped into the exhaust. “Aww and I thought I already put that option away” a frown splitting her freckles. She shouts out in pain as she pulls her left arm to her lap attempting to turn off her mobiglass. Quickly the distant spec of her most recent playmate grows. Shivering fingers fumble with the display that keeps rolling out of the way on it’s broken anchor. (edited)
    
4. _[_6:50 AM_]_
    
    . Looking up at the shadow of her death “You wouldn’t shoot a ONE armed woman would you?” a smirk snatching her frown from her face. The roar of multiple missiles echo off the mountains. The once specter of death is coated in flame as it sharply pulls to the starboard, it’s thrusters belching fuel attempting to get out of the way of several very large lasers ripping against the exposed hull. Shaking her head in surprise she looks up, seeing the clouds split against the keel of a massive vessel. [Party invite from RiddickValhalla] Quickly her eyes dart left to accept “yes corona yes!”  . “What are you doing down there in the snow? Your wife said you were supposed to be fixing her new toy, not breaking it against a mountain?” The familar gravely voice of RiddickValhalla breaks into her newly formed party chat. Two triangle IFF tags blink into existence showing Camero_2010 on board. He chimes in “Come on ShaRroos how many times do you expect me to come save you?” Thunder rolls over the mountains with a massive maelstrom sound from a critically overtaxed plant gives into the void. Chuckleing though the pain she keys up. “Love you to Camero. Admit it, you like being on that side of the green stuff?” With a thud her helmet hits the tree she is leaned against. “Speaking of savior complexes, I am going to need a bit of help to get … anywhere” **End RP**