1. DATE: [REDACTED] N-ID: <NB-SR388-9848 @RP > - CITIZEN CALLSIGN: ShaRroos LOCATION: STANTON; MicroTech; New Babbage; ShaRroos Solution Systems Garage STANTON: Crusader; Orison; Multiple SHIP: “Verdant Visions” NSS-10100 600i Explorer Origin “Point of No Return” “UNKNOWN” 400i Origin "Natalie" NSS-13782 Avenger Titan Aegis A soft _’beep… beep, beep…beep…beep,beep’_ echoes off the cream walls. The blank canvas is broken up by light blue trim stands in contrast to the dark smoke colored floor. Warm yellow lights dimly splash color across the room as the blue robed patient begins to stir slightly. A tall man who long lost the fight of gray cracks a small smile as he crosses the room to stand at the large computer at the foot of the bed. His voice, soft with practice, washes over the patient as her green eyes flutter open. "Hello. Welcome back. You had us a little worried there. Your system reacted well to the treatment. Now you may experience some slight vertigo, but you have been cleared to leave. “ With a groan the patient tugs her right arm for just a moment before her face twists in discomfort and lets it flop back onto the bed. Through a dry and hoarse voice she speaks up. “Did I have to regen?” She coughs out. Her left hand found her throat, trying in vain to rub the raw away. The attendant at the foot of her bed smiles warmly as yellow light shows off his white robe. “No, your wife insisted against that. It took a little longer but we have your system cleaned up. As well, the damage to your shoulder and chest have been _mostly_ repaired. Despite what she says under battlefield conditions you did an ‘almost’ perfect job with your med gun. Next time make sure you remember to use that bottom slider, okay?”
    
2. _[_2:55 PM_]_
    
    A half chuckle rolls off his lips as he mentions the mistake. The redhead on the bed lets out another groan, half in discomfort, half in self ridicule for her mistake. Her elbows find the firm blue mattress pushing herself up. Red hair flops over her eyes as she twists her frame to dangle her legs over the edge of the bed. “How long was I down?” She asks, her voice clearing up as she speaks. Wincing through pain, her right hand plucks a green bracelet off the table next to her bed. The gray eyed, gray haired man looks down at the computer, swipes at a few menus. “36 hours, Earth standard. You should talk to your wife, regen tech is fairly safe and we could have had you back up in half that time. As well, you could have avoided that stiff shoulder” His hand points to the woman slowly standing up. “Yea we know, but our lines of work mean we will see a few more than would be safe if rolled out a regen with every broken bone or stubbed toe” She chuckles softly pulling on her pants. “Thank you for your help though.” The cream walls and deep wood floors light up with a soft purple glow from the lenses on the redhead’s face power up. After several moments each of her communication channels start to light up with rapidly growing numbers. With a soft chuckle ShaRroos begins opening them up, giving them a quick read as she walks out of the elevator. “I guess I worried a few people. Oh looks like the Admiral’s regen from the A2 was successful. Ah he put me in for a decoration, nice!” Her head begins to bob as she walks, a smile split on her lips. “Okay so Hayden took ‘Pixie’ home. Wait, that means Quentin has been sitting in the dock for 3 days!”
    
3. _[_2:55 PM_]_
    
    She lets out a long sigh as she picks up the pace over the bridge, failing to notice the splendor of creams and pinks surrounding the platform. From the corner of her eye she spots the tram approaching the stop. With a skip she narrowly steps on board before the canopy folds up. Taking a seat the redhead flips over a few more messages
    
    > **<<_INCOMING MESSAGE_>>** FROM: CEPHEUS - NOVA COMMANDER - N-ID: 615997 **BEGIN MESSAGE:** Hey ShaRroos! I was referred your services by a fellow NOVA member. I got a bit of a...special... 400i which needs it's yearly regulatory inspection for the UEE. It's got some... modifications which the UEE may not like too much, so.... it needs to pass, somewhat discreetly, yeah? I can pay whatever it costs, just send me a quote. It shouldn't need much work or repair, but I'm open to fix any defects you may find. I'm out in deep space doing some stuff, but I should be back within a day or so, so let me know what your availability is like. Thanks! **END MESSAGE**
    
    (edited)
    
4. _[_2:56 PM_]_
    
    Walking into the large hanger, the green hull of her wife’s Verdant Visions glistens in the bright lights. The main cargo elevator sits on the ground with several large crates. A blue armored woman walks around the cargo, tablet in hand checking off each item. The single square light on her helmet flashes at the codes for each box. Each step sends a small clatter and jangle as tools and gear rattle off the hooks mounted to the powered plates. She looks up at the approaching redhead and offers a wave. A metallic voice comes through the speaker, “ShaRroos, glad to see you up and about. Hayden already replaced my armor so you don’t need to worry about it. Nice upgrade don't you think?” She strikes a pose showing off the decided lack of holes in the arm and chest. ShaRroos waves back with a smile. “Yea, It kept me alive, I can not say I did the same for it. Sorry about that” Her waving hand absently begins to scratch the back of her head as she lowers her face. The blue armored woman steps off the cargo grid onto the hanger floor. “Don’t worry about it. I saw the NEWS you and that team did some good work. We are all just glad you are okay. Your room is ready, even if the bed will be a little empty. Hayden left yesterday with ‘Pixie’ and she left **explicit** orders you are not to get behind the sticks until you land back home.” Green eyes pop up from their lowered state to glare at the blue armored woman. “She did, did she. Of course she did, punishing me for ruining our vacation.” She looks at the secured cargo and finds the one item she came to this planet for. “Well then you guys have been waiting for me for 3 days I say it is time we get home hu?”
    
5. _[_2:56 PM_]_
    
    The blue armor nods and steps back up on the cargo lift. “Blanche - Quentin : ShaRroos is aboard, cargo secured permission granted to get underway.” ShaRroos taps the large panel on the elevator with a hum the lift shifts and starts to rise. Snow covered mountains unfold in the distance as the green hull pierces through the dense cloud layer. A city of gleaming steel and light stands next to the frozen lake. Leaning on the back of the white chair, just forward and to the right of the center station. Tilting her head to the side with her green eyes still looking over the city. “Want me to take her in Quentin? I have to make a stop over at the space port to pick up a client’s ship?” The deep voice of the pilot behind her lets out a soft chuckle. “No Ma’am, Hayden said I have to take you to the garage. AND she also said if you tried to talk your way behind the sticks I would get a bonus. SO thank you ma’am for the bonus” His smile clearly heard without even having to turn around. ShaRroos lets out a scoff. “Of course she did.” Standing up she plucks her jacket from the back of the chair, tossing it over her shoulder as she walks off the bridge. Still grinning, the deep voice keys up “New Babbage approach, 600i 10100, 45 km North at 731 November, inbound to transition the airspace to 531 November.” A calm collected voice that carries the authority of years behind the microphone returns his call. “600i 10100 roger, squawk 6374, and IDENT.” Looking up at the open hanger, ShaRroos wipes a fleck of fallen snow off her red eyebrow. Her green eyes belay a glint of joy as the blue vessel screams though the still opening large doors.
    
6. _[_2:56 PM_]_
    
    The gold winglets flash against the rising sun as she rolls, exposing “Natalie’s” black belly to the sky for only a moment before pitching sharply. A soft whine dances on top of the thrumming of her engines before she vanishes out of sight. With a broad smile she shakes her head. “Now that is a man that knows his girls” Tearing her eyes from the blue skies, ShaRroos looks at her wrist and taps on the holographic display with a sigh. The groan of gears and pistons stop, and then begin to reverse. The large patch of sunlit hanger floor begins to shrink. Just before she drops her arm, a triple chirp catches her attention. Her brow goes wide as she reads the sender. With a slightly over anxious flick she connects the call. “LT ShaRroos speaking. How can I help?” She answers. A slightly modulated voice responds. The highs and lows of his speech smoothed out to remove almost all accent making it nearly impossible to even guess at his origin. “ShaRroos - Cepheus: I am glad you have recovered. With that said I have a job that requires rather urgent attention. I know you just got back, however I do _**NEED**_ that inspection done on my 400i.” ShaRroos’ voice chimes in. “Oh yea sure thing Sir, I can pick her up no…” The almost monotone voice cuts her off. “Great, we can discuss further once I get there.” With that the channel closes, the holographic display blinks a new landing request. Her green eyes blink quickly as she accepts the request. Once again the creak and groan of her hanger doors stop, and again reverse, spreading the warm sun once more over the floor.
    
7. _[_2:56 PM_]_
    
    The blue sky quickly darkens, as the sleek black hull of a luxury clipper quickly fills the hanger opening. Sharp, bright orange lines break up the flat black paint, hinting at an aggressiveness that stands counter to her design. Red hair dances across her face as ShaRroos takes a quick look over her hanger floor. Furiously her hands dance on her display, causing a section of the floor to light up. Dropping her hand she jogs off the deck, only relaxing her stride once she crosses a broad yellow line. The hanger fills with a high pitch growl as the black craft touches down, perfectly center of the marked area. The engine whine is still rolling though the hanger as the black and gray armored man begins to bound down the steps. The reinforced carbon plates shift on top of the black fabric. The sharp angular lines of his helmet only expose his eyes. The same, almost monotone, voice from the earlier call, calls out. “This is ‘Point of no Return’. I need her returned in 5 days. Is that doable?” He asks bluntly. One foot on the deck the other on the second stair of his lowered ramp. The intention clearly stated that he could and would take his business elsewhere. ShaRroos takes a deep breath, trying to regain her composure.
    
8. _[_2:57 PM_]_
    
    “Standard inspection is 4 days, 400i is under my 500k limit for NOVA personnel so no charge for the inspection. I will file required paperwork that fee however will be passed on to y…” The black armored man holds up a hand cutting her off once more. “Great, I just need this done. As mentioned she has a few, special modifications. I know what they are, they are not to be messed with, and UEE has no business knowing what is under my hull. If you accept this, then I will see you in four days?” He asks, finally setting his second foot on the hanger floor. ShaRroos gives a nod. Cepheus returns the gesture and walks to the nose gear of his craft, punching on the pad. With a nearly silent hiss the forward hanger lowers, depositing a small hoverbike on the hanger floor. The high pitch whine of a rich tuned hydrogen reactor spins up as the dark armor mounts up. “Thank you ShaRroos, see you in four days.” A hard shift of his hips, timed with kicking off the hanger pad, spins the bike to line up with the garage floor exit. With a roll of his wrist the small bike lurches forward and out of the shop.