1. DATE: [ @RP REDACTED] N-ID: <NB-SR388-9848> - CITIZEN CALLSIGN: ShaRroos LOCATION: STANTON; MicroTech; New Babbage; ShaRroos Solution Systems Garage SHIP: Crusader Mercury Star Runner "Oliandus" NSS-40284 With a deep thrum, snow is shaken from the tops of trees as a green streak screams by them. The large wedged vessel’s oversized engines belching out torrents of blue flame. The pilot’s green eyes scan the valley her craft is dancing though looking for a single rock out of place. A smirk rolls up her lips as her eyes catch the glint of raw beryl nestled halfway up the mountain side. “Right where she said it would be. This has to be a joke but 500k worth of her gear I guess I will put it where she wants it?” Her fingers flex away from the yoke before pulling one finger in after the other, setting a clean grip on the controls. A twitch of her left pinky and the ventral thrusters power down letting the pilot control every vent and thruster. Her right hand leaves the yoke and flicks a switch. The aft cargo ramp groans and opens. With a twist of her left wrist the ship rolls, displaying the nearly flat belly to the sky. Eying the stone, rapidly getting closer, she takes a deep breath snapping another switch letting her eyes look at the video display of her cargo grid for a split second seeing the large box fall UP as the gravity field is released. Her hand snaps back to the yoke, shoving it hard forward. Quick head flicks check her HUD then snapping to her radar seeing a new contact falling away from her ship as she grits her teeth flexing her neck and face as the 16gs of force are pushed through her body.
    
2. _[_11:16 PM_]_
    
    Once fully perpendicular to the mountain she glances at the camera of her cargo grind once more, not seeing an explosion the smirk spreads into a smile. “Strangest delivery to date!” Her hands dance over the controls returning the ship to its normal condition Cresting over a mountain the splendor of New Babbage’s steel and glass begins to spread out in front of her. The glint of Stanton bouncing off the massive Aspire Grand tower in the early morning hours. Flipping her radio on, she keys up. “New Babbage approach, Star Runner 40284, 30km south at 173 Sierra, inbound to transition the airspace to 531 November.” A calm collected voice that carries the authority of years behind the microphone returns her call. “Star Runner 40284 roger, squawk 6426, and IDENT” “Squawking 6426, and IDENTing, Star Runner 40284” “Star Runner 284, Radar Contact. Fly heading 15, Maintain 3,000 meters altitude then contact New Babbage Tower 117.2, have a good day” “One five and 3,000 meters, Star Runner 284 thank you” The green hull of the “Oliandus” gently pitches down diving to the prescribed altitude as it lazily glides to her home in the northern warehouses of New Babbage. Running her hands through the short red tufts of hair, ShaRroos lets out a long sigh. “Glad to be home.”
    
3. _[_11:16 PM_]_
    
    Once again her fingers dance on the controls keying in the new frequency “ New Babbage Tower, Star Runner 40284 25km south at 80 Sierra” Another voice almost as collected and practiced answers the call. “Star Runner 284, Maintain heading and altitude, clear to descend once past 226 November” “Maintain head altitude, descend post 226 November Star Runner 284” Taking her hands off the yoke she fiddles with her mobiglas calling on her personal hanger. Her head slowly pans over the city with a smile taking the sights. “I would have never imagined living on any planet, much less THIS one.” She catches a glimpse of her garage and keys up her coms once again. “New Babbage Tower, Star Runner 284, Hanger at 531 November in sight, passing 226 November” “Roger 284, cleared decent and visual approach to 531 November, Radar services terminated. Have a good day. “Visual approach to 531 November, 284 thank you.” The gentle fluttering of the medium freighter slides easily in the MUCH larger hanger. The grin on her face quickly vanishes as she spots someone walking around the deck, WELL inside the yellow lines. “I told that ‘suit’ if he valued his limbs to stay BEHIND the yellow!” The scowl quickly turns into an evil smirk as her feet flick at the controls spinning her craft around. Quickly her right hand snaps out, lowering her cargo ramp. Sharp green eyes start darting between several displays checking exactly where her ‘guest’ is standing and panning the ramp over his head. A chuckle leaves her lips as she parks the craft on top of the suit, last seen curled in a ball on the deck. The vessel sags and sighs as the power is shut down, a low whine rolls out of the thrusters as the last gasp of flame die out in a whimper.
    
4. _[_11:17 PM_]_
    
    ShaRroos almost skips through her ship, jumping down the elevator to the cargo grid. A smile from ear to ear plastered on her face as the steps off the ramp cleanly placed a palms width from the yellow line. “Ahh good to be home” she exclaims loudly, careful to not look in the direction of where the suit was last seen cowering. She picks up her skip for two heartbeats before she hears yelling behind her. “You crazy son of a!” His words trail off as he notices the ArcLight now pointed in his direction. “WHO are you and why are you in my shop!” Quickly the man gathers his manners and his palms that quickly find the sky. “I hired you for the 325a, you said it would be available today, I am early. I am so sorry I thought I would have a look around!” his knees begin to visibly shake as his eyes never leave the extended barrel of the energy pistol in front of him. Slowly ShaRroos puts the pistol back in its holster under her jacket. “OH Mr. ‘Smith’ right? I thought I told you to stay behind the yellow line. It is dangerous over there.” The smirk returns to her face as she waves the man over. “Come along, back on this side of the line.” Quickly, Smith, all but runs from under the “Oliandus’ to cross the line. “Hum .. you did I am sorry i.. It won’t happen again Ma’am.” He attempts to compose himself, smoothing out his suit and dusting off dirt from the floor he was moments ago hugging. The pair walk along the edge of the shop floor headed for the man’s craft. “You said I could receive my 325a today. However, during our original consultation it would be 2 weeks before you could BEGIN upgrade work on it? Does this mean you can’t squeak more efficiency out of her?”
    
5. _[_11:17 PM_]_
    
    Standing in front of the pristine craft he looks at the hull, not a panel or paint fleck out of place. ShaRroos grins happily at Mr. Smith, “Well, bad news for ya. Remember I told you there was quite a bit of work done on her already?” He nods as his eyes slowly narrow at the redhead, disappointment creeping into his face. “Well, I had more than a little trouble trying to track down the manufacturer. These parts were, I presume, designed for combat. They were overly heavy, and extra rigid. Great if you are planning on taking an extra hit or two but not so much for sightseeing. Since I could not get the exact specs for those parts, and I already had them exposed I went ahead and swapped them out for some of my own pieces. This is where the good news comes in.” disappointment gives way to confusion as he tries to keep up with what the redhead is talking about. “Since I was putting in equipment with known specs, that made the tune up MUCH easier, you can read that as cheaper.” ShaRroos walks over to the table still set up next to the blue craft, and plucks a tablet from the table, handing it to the ‘suit.’ He flicks over the data and the look of confusion grows as he tries to read the data on the pad. “Wait, this can’t be right, you nearly DOUBLED the Hydrogen collection rate, and boosted the Quant range to 220 Mega meters?” Dumbfounded, he looks up from the tablet slack jawed at the engineer before him. “You said you wanted range, I gave you that.. .what you wanted more? I can do that but you will start to lose performance, storage, and I am going to have to bolt on some more tanks?” The smirk never leaving her face knowing full well this was MUCH more than he could have gotten at nearly any other shop on the planet.
    
6. _[_11:18 PM_]_
    
    “No no, 500k, for all this?” his hand frantically tapping the tablet. “I am more than pleased. Hum can I take her now? “ Pulling up her mobiglass she opens it up and spins to the access controls for the vessel Mr Smith has begun to oogle. “Just as soon as you sign the paperwork she is all yours, again.” Quickly he pulls up his own mobi tapping furiously to confirm receipt. “What is your marker?” ShaRroos nods happily “531n, and the skys are lovely. Go enjoy the view Mr. Smith '' Her green eyes look up confirming her hanger door is still open. The Suit quickly scrambles up the ladder to his craft. It only takes a few moments before the sharp whine of a finely tuned symphony of thrusters all light their burns. Effortlessly the craft takes off the deck and vanishes into the bright clear skies. Spinning on her heels with a small bounce in her step the green eyes look at the 1million UEC bump in her business account. With a few flicks the hanger door overhead groans to begin closing. Small chunks of ice fall harmlessly on the green hulled StarRunner. Another sound catches her attention on the far side of the hanger, out of sight behind her ‘Olianuds.’ A long sigh rolls from her chest, letting her shoulders slump as the ArcLight is once again pulled from her coat. The pistol is pulled into the standard cup hold as she advances across her hanger deck. Looking down the optics she leans around the forward landing gear of her craft. The vision that assaults her eyes takes a moment to process. A large olive toned man is hugging the Fireball GreyCat PTV. His large hairy arms pulling the, comicicaly, small craft close as he murmurs to it softly.
    
7. _[_11:18 PM_]_
    
    Another sigh rolls from her chest letting her head and eyes roll at the black haired man reacquainting himself with his family. The pistol is slid back under her jacket as she approaches now much less cautiously. The jolly expression on the man’s face leaves no room for deception. Closer now she can hear his ministrations to the buggy. “... so much, Did you miss me? Of course, you did. I bet ShaRroos took great care of you. Is she feeding you, you feel lighter. If that mean ol redhead has not been giving you the good stuff, I will have some wor..” ShaRroos chuckles, slowly shaking her head and cutting him off. “She is fine, I replaced half her frame with a Titanium reinforced Hadanite, shaving off around 10 kilos. Her tank is full of the triple filtered hydrogen you requested. I even used a reverse osmosis process to make sure the fule is extra pure. I also went ahead and threw in that new IsoMag suspension system I was talking about so even Dayamr’s dust won’t bother her legs any” Looking up from the PTV the clear blue eyes lock in on ShaRroos with a warm smile. “I KNEW you would treat her right. I never doubted it. That is why I came back with more work for you!” Quickly the large man closes the distance to ShaRroos throwing his large hand out to her. “OH and who will I be working on this time?” She says clasping the hand giving it a firm shake. Quickly the bright eyed man’s brow furrows. His face abandons its jovial nature as he eyes the engineer down. “Someone has violated my ‘Natalie’ Straight drained her heart mid flight. I would like you to take a look at her. See how bad the damage is, and if you can find a way to make sure NO ONE can hurt her like that again!”
    
8. _[_11:18 PM_]_
    
    ShaRroos takes a step back from the larger man, having not seen this side of him yet, and not exactly keen to see it again. “Sure thing Demon, should not be a problem, where is she parked? I can get her in my lineup starting today. Tomorrow I can let you know the damage and give you options?” The stubble on his face flexes as he grinds his teeth, obviously very upset about this grave offense. Once again the redhead speaks. “You’re NOVA so my assessments and quotes are at no cost to you. I will take good care of ‘Natalie’... what is she?” The piercing blue eyes once again widen as a smile comes over his olive face. “Oh she is the most beautiful Titan you will find on this side of stanton. She has saved my life more than once. At the moment she is parked over at NBIS Hanger 3. You be sure to treat her right!” A thick finger shakes at ShaRroos as he climbs into the PTV, a snug but well practiced fit. “I await your call tomorrow.” His statement punctuated by a nod as the Greycat purrs to life. His smile broadens as he floors the pedal rocking it on the new magnetic suspension and driving out of the hanger..